
{{{en/001_2064_The Games Lab.md}}}


## **2064** The Games Lab
<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">It was the</span> best time of the year. Lasse strolled joyfully towards the games lab, which stood in the middle of the school grounds, where the stream branched and flowed around the lab on both sides.
He looked around, walking by, looking at the houses built in completely different ways, of clay, wood and large stones, with imaginatively shaped windows and colorful roofs.
He liked to discover a new detail in them again and again.
And you could really see in the houses who worked and lived in them.
He smiled.

Alfred was already waiting at the donkey enclosure and nodded to him comfortably with his long snout.
Lasse pulled a thick carrot out of his pocket and stretched it out towards him.
He grabbed her carefully from his hand and turned around with it.

There was no bridge to the gaming lab island.
To get in, you had to jump over the creek and Lasse chose a place where he could make it.
In front of the house he took a quick look at the lock of the door and it jumped open with a quiet click.

It was nine o'clock, half an hour before the start of the third matchday.
He loved the TRON Weeks, a huge computer game tournament in which thousands of players from many countries played together and against each other for world domination in a virtual computer world.
And not in a fictitious world, but in a fairly faithful replica of the Internet from 2023 to 2033, a grandiose simulation with infinitely many realistic details from that time.
He and his friends had been preparing for this for months.

One goal was to accomplish missions, such as conquering computers, getting them under control and defending them, in banks, in companies or even at someone's home who did something interesting.
One could also take over satellites, ships or airplanes, unmask agents and hackers.
A very popular but also difficult mission was to hunt down well-known hackers like Kevin Mitnick, Adrian Lamo or Julian Assange.
The most points were when you got secret documents, journals of secret wars, secret agreements between companies, secret operations of governments.
You could sell them for a lot of money.

A very popular but also difficult mission was to hunt down well-known hackers like Kevin Mitnick, Adrian Lamo or Julian Assange.
Lasse had wanted to play Julian Assange himself, but too many others wanted to, too, and that's probably why he had become a lesser known hacker, with the mission to take over satellites, flying combat robots, and other weapons in a war zone. You had to know a lot about computer systems, the political situation at that time and how people thought and felt.

At that time there was war on the Internet and in many parts of the world.
The world was full of terrible conflicts between countries and companies, in governments, everywhere, even in schools and many families.
It was a completely different world.

Lasse entered the game room where Sigur was already sitting spellbound in front of his computer, typing something from time to time.
Lasse: "Hej, moin, moin!"
As he passed by, he hit him on the shoulder with his hand and let himself fall into his chair.

Sigur was his wingman at the game, his partner in the current mission.
He was his friend too, though not the best.
"He does his own thing too often," Lasse thought, "has too precise an idea of how things should be."
He'd told him that many times before.

But as a wingman, Sigur was a great thing.
At the age of 14 he had already taken over a lot of computers in banks and oil companies. He had even penetrated military computers that were particularly difficult to crack. Once he had managed to take over a passenger plane that had crashed.

Lasse: "What's up, Sig, hey?"
Sigur didn't react and kept typing.
Let's look over at him, "Ah! You're at the firewall.
What's the problem?"
After some time Sigur said without looking away from the screen: "I don't know.
Just a feeling.
Something's wrong."

The firewall was the program on every computer that was supposed to deter uninvited visitors from the Internet.
Some kind of filter or guard program.
Every exchange of information with the Internet goes in both directions: out and in.
And on the way in, anything that hackers or programmers have added to the normal data can come in, which can then settle in the computer and cause confusion, or worse.
This is what the firewall is supposed to find out and render harmless.
And if something has got stuck in the computer, also make sure that it cannot send out any data again.

Sigur turned to Lasse: "There were some strange attacks from a Yllil computer, but actually nothing special.
He tried to get in a few places, but the firewall blocked everything.
Still feels weird..."
Lasse: "Yllil? That sounds African.
- But we've got the Chinese on our agenda today!" He grinned.
"I found super logs of an attack on a Chinese satellite that almost worked.
I'm sure we'll find something in there.

Log files were computer files where you could read everything that happened on a computer, why something went wrong, how something worked and so on.
For Lasse and Sigur, log files were like newspapers, only they described what had happened somewhere and not just someone else's opinion.
There was the exact time, the program, what had done something and what had happened exactly.

Lasse: "Even a cocoa before? We're gonna get this thing down today!"
Sigur: "No, not down! Take over, look at everything, copy data, remove traces and run away again.
That's the mission."
Lasse: "Yes, it's all right - I know.
The mission.
But I would love to know what TRON would do if we actually crashed the satellite.
That would give at least one political crisis, they would try to cover it up, the press would bring all sorts of things about it, new conspiracy theories.
And then lots of new missions to catch us."
Hey hey."

Sigur looked at him closely and made a gesture: "Calm!
We want to win this game, not get kicked out in five minutes."


{{{en/002_2021_Marlene.md}}}

## **2021** Marlene

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene gähnte.</span> German lessons, 10th grade, pressed boredom in the room.
Anni next to her chatted under the table with her smartphone.
She herself fished a tin of bread out of her school bag and placed it on the table in front of her.
She opened them, took out butter, cheese and cucumber slices wrapped in paper and lovingly arranged them next to each other.
Then she took a knife out, took a slice of bread and was about to start lubricating the butter on it when the teacher suddenly stood next to her.

Teacher: "Well? And why don't you do that at home?" He bounced his feet.

Marlene looked at him calmly.
A rage rose in her: "That's the most exciting and creative thing I can do right now."

Teacher pointed: "More exciting than Goethe's Faust? I can hardly imagine.
Either you..."

Marlene interrupted him: "I've been sitting here for over an hour and have to listen to what people have fart out about Faust and Mephisto ... in the last 200 years.
What am I supposed to do with it? I don't even know people.
What does that have to do with my life? Does that have anything to do with anything today?"

The teacher breathed deeply.
He looked at her.

Marlene: "You're not up for it yourself, are you?"

The teacher took a step back, pointed toward the door and shouted, "OUT!" He closed his eyes.
Marlene packed up her things, took her bag and walked out of the room past the teacher.

He shouted after her: "You wait outside, right in front of the door.
We'll talk after." The door slammed shut.

Marlene went straight home.
"Such a pussy," she thought, "probably that farts out had been too much for him." After all, he had written one of the books they had to read about Faust himself, so he could take it personally.
She actually liked him, he was so cool as a person, but in the teaching role ... He probably didn't like them himself.
"A real pussy," she thought, "can't live his life the way he wants." She shook her head.
"And what do I do now with the day that has begun? ...
Sure!" she said out loud and snapped her fingers.

Half an hour later she was sitting on the large staircase to the right of the entrance to the town hall of Neukölln in a shady corner.
It was a hot day, around 28 degrees, and she was now wearing a short, airy dress that she had put on on a jump home.
She felt a little uncomfortable in it, usually she wasn't wearing anything like that.
But now it served its purpose.

She pulled a still shrink-wrapped laptop out of her cloth bag.
It was unused, but not completely new.
It was from the year 2009 and had not yet installed the monitoring chips, which were now found in all new computers.
With them, secret services could remotely control any computer over the Internet, view, copy, delete files, even install a new operating system if they wanted, and some computers could even be turned on over the network.

Oskar, one of her friends, had discovered ten of the computers in the company where he worked, in a corner of the camp.
No one there seemed to know, they were not listed in the camp list, so he had simply taken them with him.
He had driven a forklift truck into the warehouse and had loaded a lot of old boxes together with the computers and had simply driven them out.
He had told the camp leader that he would need the boxes for a student project.
What a gift in times when the serial number of each computer was tracked from production to dump and stored along with the email addresses, phone numbers, whereabouts, and photos of each owner.

She inserted a memory stick with the inscription "Tails 4.8" into a slot on the computer and pressed the power button.
Tails was a program, or rather an operating system, that made sure that nobody could find out who was using the computer it was running on.
And even where he was in the world.
All computers running this operating system had the same time zone.
When you pulled the stick off again, there were no traces of what you had done.
Some people even trusted with their lives that it worked.
With Tails you could do anything you wanted to do anonymously: send e-mails to journalists, chat with hacker friends, surf the Internet on monitored sites or simply write an article for an underground magazine.

Marlene didn't care about any of this now.
She had something else in mind.
And that's why her knees trembled a little.
On her way home from school she had decided not to wait another day.
She opened the terminal program of Tails with a double click.
Some also called it a console or command line.
The terminal program was not a normal program, it was the program that could be used directly with the computer.
You didn't click on any functions with the mouse, you just typed commands and the computer returned answers as text on the screen.
That's all.
No pictures, just text.
But the program had it in it.
All the hackers she knew worked almost exclusively with this program.
There were orders for everything you wanted to do.
One could, for example, penetrate computers on the other side of the world, search for files there, copy them to other computers on other continents, blur one's tracks, jump from there to the next computer.
With the terminal program everything went much faster and more accurate than with the other programs.
And that was now important: to be fast.
That's right.


{{{en/003_2064_TRON-Attack.md}}}

## **2064** TRON attack

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Lasse and Sigur entered</span> their game room.
Game rooms were large and round, with plants, many painted fantasy pictures on the wall and a pedestal with drinks and many kinds of fruits, nuts and sweets.
Four large computer screens floated above a table in the middle of the room.
On the table lay two keyboards, four controllers about the size of a fist and two large glass balls that were open towards the bottom.
Lasse and Sigur sat down on the chairs and took the keyboards.

"9:30 a.m.! Here we go." Lasse shouted.
Both sat in front of their monitors and looked at the activity display.
Sigur nodded her head firmly.

Lasse: "Okay.
It's quiet.
Let's get started..."

He gave a scream.

Lasse: "S H I T! Sig! Close the firewall, we're getting a massive attack, quantum parallel."

Sigur quickly hacked his keyboard four or five times with his right hand and fixed the screen with his eyes.

Sigur: "Done! It's closed! Who was that?"

Let's shrug our shoulders.
"I don't know."

Sigur: "WAAAASSSSS????!!!"

Lasse: "What?"

Sigur drummed on his keyboard: "Shit! ...shit!"

Lasse: "Say it."

Lasse stormed into Sigur's computer:

Lasse: "What's wrong?"

Sigur: "The firewall is open again! Just like that... And I'm... out, gone, can't do anything.
Not even typing.
Nothing. Nothing. He punched his keyboard with his fist.

Lasse: "Shit!"

Sigur: "Fuck."

Lasse: "Pull the plug!"

Sigur: "We can't do that.
Against the rules."

Lasse: "Fuck it.
...Okay.
Good, good, good.
Then don't."

Sigur threw away the keyboard, stood up and hit the wall a few times with his fist.

"What was that?" Lasse asked.

"Who was that?" Sigur still asked with his face to the wall.

Klack! The door opened.
Both of them turned to the door at the same time, where Lilly walked in with a broad grin: "Hi, hi! Too slow, boys..."

Lasse: "Oh, no! Don't. Don't.
Please don't... Not again..."

Lilly was Lasse's little sister and turned 12 two months ago.
She had only been playing TRON for a year, but had a real talent for it.
During the first game she had already found the documents that Edward Snowden of the largest American secret service, the NSA, had taken with him and which had caused a stir worldwide at the time.
TRON had immediately added some missions to catch Lilly and many players accepted these missions.
But she had managed to survive and keep the documents until the end of the game.


{{{en/004_2064_Vulnerabilities in Computers.md}}}

## **2064** Vulnerabilities in computers

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Lasse and Sigur sat</span> at the dining table of the kitchen and both held on to a large cup of thick cocoa.
Lilly sat cross-legged on the table and still smiled.

"You prepared that," Lasse snorted at her.
"That went too fast.
That was a computer program, wasn't it?"

Lilly: "Sure! I've been writing on it all night last night.
This morning I only entered one command and butzzz ..."

Sigur: "But how did that work? I had it all sealed up.
I went over everything again yesterday and this morning.
There was no void.
Where did you get through?"

Lilly: "A still unknown vulnerability in your firewall.
A big American secret service had it installed and paid a lot of money for it.
It works great.
You can have a look at it after the game in the log files, there is everything in it.
First of all, I'm going on a little raid with it.
You can get into a lot of computers through that back door.
It's widespread and no one knows it." She grinned broadly.

There were vulnerabilities or backdoors in all computers and programs.
You could close them if you knew how they worked.
And once you knew her.
Vulnerabilities could get computers to do all sorts of things that programmers and computer administrators hadn't planned for.
Sometimes crazy things.
Sometimes you could take over a computer completely from a distance, as if it were your own, and then do whatever you wanted with it.

"That's unfair!" grumbled Sigur.
"You know a back door and you don't tell anyone.
There shouldn't be secret back doors in the game.
That's stupid.
How can you protect yourself against that? I really did a lot of work, there wasn't a gap left."

Lasse: "I don't think it's allowed to keep weak points to yourself at all.
That's against the rules.
Weak points belong to the general public such as water and air.
They must be made known immediately.
It's a human right... I learned it in my computer management class.
"It's also a cypher punk rule." You can even lose your labor law if you don't make a vulnerability known.

Lilly: "Today ... today is like that.
It was allowed back then. At least, I think so.
"In any case, it was a real gang and a bargain."
She smiled.
"I've read an e-mail where someone has offered an as yet unknown vulnerability for sale to another.
For an awful lot of money.
And the other one bought."

"Bullshit!" Sigur shook his head.
"Sell vulnerabilities?! Maybe when you're playing Mafia, but not otherwise.
That would be totally corrupt.
Super bad.
That would be as bad as making people sick and then earning on medicine."

Lilly pulled her eyebrows up.
"Pfff.
Sure, I'm sure.
Aer hey, wake up!
The world was different then.
That's what everyone did back then.
Governments, corporations, intelligence agencies.
They've built whole vulnerability arsenals, as well as weapons arsenals.
You've been hoarding them.
Masses."

Both boys went off and snorted.

"Lilly, that's bullshit," Lasse said, still laughing.
"Who told you such nonsense?"

Lilly crossed her arms and made a serious face: "Nope.
I'm serious. Masses, mountains... I'm telling you.
I have..." She stopped.

Lasse made a very important hand move: "Lilly, stay on the carpet."

"You have...?" Sigur asked.
"What do you got?" He slipped over to her.

Lilly looked down.

"You found more weaknesses?" Sigur asked and looked at her intensively.

Lilly looked back: "Pfffff.
Plenty.
Incredible stuff.
You can't imagine what it's all about," she grinned.
"I found a database at NSA: 'Zero Day Exploits', they're all vulnerabilities nobody knows yet.
Marie's an agent there. She helped me get to it.
She herself is allowed to look everything up in the database, but she is not allowed to do anything with it that does not fit her mission, and everything she does and says is recorded. Everything, every keystroke, every conversation, every facial expression.
They're really recording everything! Of all the employees.
Stupid.
It sucks to work there.
But I could get the database out of there with her help! Was not quite easy ... And now I can ... Uuuuuhhhhh", she shook her head, "... do so much ... Hi.
Hi.
... I know it's unfair, but it's a game.
You have to be able to lose."

Sigur grumbled: "You work with the NSA? They're enemies.
That's against the rules.
And Marie gives you the information because you're normal friends, too."

"Not at all.
I cracked two computers for her from hackers. She's smoking it for her mission.
She almost finished it.
The two hacker girls just have to go to jail and get more than 10 years.
You're on trial right now.
When that's done, she's done it.
That was the deal.
We just worked well together as women, not cheated!
You can do a lot of other things, especially a lot of psycho stuff: You can blackmail, recruit, bribe, intimidate, lie.
You know what that world was like? I mean, how are you gonna get a flying robot without having someone in the CIA doing what you want? No wonder you haven't got one yet.
Marie already has one."

Lasse and Sigur looked at each other.
Flying combat robots.
That was their ultimate goal.
You didn't know anybody who had managed to take one over.
Sigur grabbed his stomach and said, "I'm gonna be sick."
Lasse pinched his lips together and looked over to Lilly: "How can you turn someone over at the CIA? From the Battle Robots Association?", Lasse asked.

"I don't know how Marie did it.
But you gotta figure out how they tick there.
I mean, she has access to all communication data: she sees what kind of e-mails he writes and gets, who he calls, who he meets on the phone, what he buys, whether he has enemies, a relationship of which his wife is not allowed to know anything, debts, and then she sees whether she finds something with which she can blackmail him.
She apparently found something.
Or maybe someone is just really unhappy with their job.
Then you might be able to recruit him.
Marie, for example, is unhappy, she just got a job she doesn't want to do at all.
But she has to.
And she can't even walk away from there.
You can't just do that in intelligence.
You can try recruiting her for something.
But be extremely careful.
You really shouldn't get caught there.
If you don't, all hell will break loose.
Half the Secret Service will be after you right away.
And zack you have a rocket in the room and see your medal of honor on the screen.
Like Lars last time."

Sigur: "Lars cheated.
That's why he got kicked out.
Blackmail and all that isn't part of the game.
TRON takes you out of the game when you do something like that."

Lilly: "He doesn't.
Marie can access her combat robot at any time and see what it's doing.
And you can't do that without blackmail.
It's clearly part of the game.
That means 'social engineering'."

Sigur was silent.

Lilly: If you don't want that, you can play Cypherpunks missions.
These are not about taking over as many computers as possible or catching hackers, but about bringing things to light, making up for injustice, and allowing more and more people to escape the oppression that prevailed back then.
You'd better think the way we think today.
Then maybe you can figure out how the cypher punks won the war.
I mean, that was already a superior force back then, the secret services, the armies, giant corporations.
But in the end, they made it.
I was wondering if it wouldn't be exciting to play Cypherpunk, too.
Maybe that's the real purpose of the whole game: that we can learn how the liberation struggle was."

Lasse and Sigur looked at each other.
Lilly was about to tell them what the real purpose of TRON was, the game they had spent hundreds of hours playing with, watching, trying, learning everything they had come across.

Lasse: "Hej, Lilly.
I've been playing TRON for three years now and it's all about conquering the world, determining politics, changing the course of history, but not the liberation of the Internet.
I didn't want to play Julian Assange to break the surveillance system of that time, to abolish secret services, to make governments transparent, but because he has a lot of cool people around him who have a lot on them, and because half the world is after him."

Lilly: "Well, did you get the part?"

Lasse: "No.
You know that."

Lilly: "You can't get them if you don't fill out the questionnaire at the beginning in a way that is mainly about the future of the internet.
Julian's a cypher punk.
If you only want adventure, then you won't get it."

Sigur hissed in between, "WHERE DO YOU KNOW EVERYTHING?"

Lilly: "I have read Marlene Farras: The story of the Cypherpunks before I even started playing TRON.
She writes about 2021 and afterwards, until the end of the war.
How it was then, how she learned to hack and then became Cypherpunk.
And she writes what it was really about, how the people in the secret services thought and in the companies and how the hackers were, with white, grey and black hats, that is, those who only research and don't destroy anything, those who don't have clear boundaries, those who are out for their own advantage and those who really want to steal and destroy.
And then the hacks they made.
Whoa! That's crazy.
So I thought I'd try out what she wrote in TRON.
And it was all right in the game.
Exactly.
Edward Snowden.
That was exactly how Marlene Farras wrote about it.
She also described her own hack for smuggling the vulnerability database out of NSA headquarters.
And that's what I did with Marie.
It was complicated, but it went exactly the way it really was.
You need an NSA agent, even a specific one.
And so we've eliminated all the weaknesses."

Sigur: "All of them? - How many are there?"

Lilly: "I don't know.
It's a hell of a mess.
I can't imagine that they have an overview of it themselves.
Many snorers and bores have worked in these secret services, as in all major government agencies.
But there are probably thousands, maybe tens of thousands, of vulnerabilities for all the computers you can think of, including satellites.
And a single weak point of it is the back door that I just walked into your house through."

Lasse: "You can also give us back our computers ..."

Lilly: "No.
First, she already had Marie, and second, she'd have cheated.
You're on the run for now."


{{{en/005_2021_Break-in in America.md}}}

## **2021** Break-in in America

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene pulled a scribbled note</span> out of her pocket.
He had everything on him that she needed now.
The last piece of the mosaic on the lower left was only added yesterday.
Two words.
"karlibender" and "LV7jolgS7brT5M", name and password, and she knew where they fit.
The way there was a little trip around the world, but it wouldn't take long.
She began the journey by logging on to a Berlin university computer with an account that no one had used for a long time.
From there it went on to New York, a side trip to Brazil and then to New Jersey to Princeton University.
There Karl Bender and other scientists worked on a project in which American secret services also participated.
It was about satellites, spy satellites, top secret, of course.
Everything, even the project name, was classified.
But Marlene knew about it.

Karl Bender had a girlfriend, Corinne, and she had been Marlene's best anonymous girlfriend for years.
That is, they had never actually met and had had no contact with each other that anyone could know about.
They had met protected in the Tor network, in a chat room, and both had over the years taken great care that they always met anonymously, always protected by Tor masks.
They talked about each other, more and more about themselves.
Then they could research the Internet and find out whether it was really true what the other had said.
And so, as time went by, they began to trust each other more and more and began to tell each other everything about each other.
It was just exciting to have such an anonymous relationship.
In the meantime they knew each other very, very well.

Corinne had told her that an NSA intelligence officer had visited Karl to prepare the launch of a completely new satellite.
The NSA was a secret service of the American Army, it was the largest secret service of all.
And on that visit, almost everything went wrong.
Nothing worked right away and they would have had to abort the start by a hair of their fingers.
But together they just managed to finish a program that had to run on the satellite, literally at the last second.
Probably in the hectic pace of life, the NSA man had deposited the secret key for his own computer with the NSA on Karl's computer.
And then forget it there.
A Secret Service key! Karl had told this to Corinne one day later on a walk.
Actually, he should have deleted it immediately, but he hadn't done it.

When Marlene heard about it, she immediately began to investigate.
Her brother Marwin was a famous Cypherpunk.
Cypherpunks were hackers who wrote encryption programs and distributed them free of charge to anyone who wanted them.
They were the best programs there were.
Even the greatest secret services had respect for them.
Marlene had often sat next to him for nights when he was sitting in his radio-secured basement and traveling around the world, and she had learned a lot in the process.
Marwin also often took the time to explain things to her, show her past hacks or teach her a programming language.
She could always come to him with anything, he had said, anytime.
And she had also thought of asking Marwin for help on the matter.
That would make a lot of things easier, but then she decided not to.
Anonymous relationships are anonymous relationships, period.
This key was for her, for her alone.

"k a r l i b e n d e r" type it after the word "login" into the console.
"Password:" the computer replied.
Now it got exciting for the first time: "Was the password changed in the meantime?"

"L V 7 j o l g S 7 b r T 5 M" and then the Enter key.

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">

"karlibender@trt.princeton.edu: $$",
</div>
appeared on the screen.

"YES!" she shouted loudly and immediately looked across the town hall square.
Nobody seemed to have noticed her.
She was inside! Not a great news item.
Only the command input of the terminal program, but this time from Karl Bender's computer at Princeton University.
Whoa! Your fingers scampered over the keyboard.
How automatically she collected all the log files she could find, all the password files and all the key files.
Your brother always did that first, too.
Through the log files, she could find out what was happening on the computer, listed in detail, and from the password files, if you were lucky, you could decrypt individual passwords if they were poorly protected, for example if they were too short or contained words from dictionaries.

She quickly looked to see if there was anything from the day of the satellite launch and actually, that was it.
Then she terminated the connection with Karl's computer, she didn't want to stay in too long.
She clicked on "Change identity" to get a new disguise from Tails.
And a third of a second later she was on the Internet someone completely different.
Nothing reminded her of the disguise she was wearing on Karl's computer.
She breathed deeply.
Now she could look through the files she had captured in peace.

She discovered the key to the NSA man quickly.
He was lying quite open with the other keys.
But where did it fit? Which computers outside the university did Karl and the NSA man access that day? That was the question.
And after some browsing she had found traces of seven computers, four of which led to other universities.
So there were three left.
Your addresses were:

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
23.66.234.12

23.66.177.120

23.66.177.121
</div>
Internet addresses of computers consisted of numbers separated by dots, often four numbers between 0 and 255.
Every computer on the Internet had such an address, you could reach it through it.
Most of them also had readable names, such as www.torproject.org or www.google.com.
But not this one.
And she couldn't track where the data she sent to those addresses went either.
On their way there, they disappeared into a dark Internet cloud.
Marlene had no idea where the computers with these addresses were, what kind of computers they were.
She thought for a moment and then opened a chat program.
Her brother was online and she typed the three addresses with three question marks behind them.
Nothing else.
After a few seconds, her brother disappeared.
Without answering.

"Hmm," she thought.
"If you ever need him... All right.
Then I'll just have to get on alone." She started searching the Internet for clues.

"Pling" sounded from the laptop a few minutes later.
Your brother was back online.

"Have you gone crazy?" appeared on Marlene's screen.

Marlene trimmed.
What's going on now?

Marwin: "CHANGE YOUR TAILS IDENTITY!"

She clicked on "New Identity" and Tor gave her a new disguise.

Marlene: "Okay."

Marwin: "You can't just send such addresses without knowing what computer I'm sitting in!"

"How do I know which computer my brother's sitting in right now?" Marlene thought.
"Bullshit."
Marwin was always in tails with a mask on, without exception.
She had always been able to write to him without thinking where to go.
She didn't understand.

Marwin: "WHERE DO YOU HAVE THE ADDRESS HER?"

Marlene burst her collar and said, "Will you stop screaming?"

Marwin: "NO.
I CAN'T.
WE MUST SPEAK, QUICKLY, WHERE ARE YOU?"

Now she finally felt like a little girl.
And this with her brother, with whom she would have expected the least of all.

Marwin: "SAG NOW!!!"

"NIRGNDWO!!!!!!!!!!", type it into the chat window and close it.
Then she closed the laptop and looked across the square.

"The address!" she thought.
"He said the address.
It's only one of the three." She looked at the addresses.
"It must be the first!"

The longer she waited, the greater the probability that she would not get into the NSA computer.
Corinne said she would go fishing with Karl over the weekend and they wouldn't have a smartphone and a cell phone with them, but there were others at Princeton who could intervene if something seemed strange to them.
She opened her laptop and went the same way as the first time: Berlin - New York - Belo Horizonte - New Jersey, Princeton.
She entered her name and password.
Back in! She took a breath.

"Go on!" she thought and typed:

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
&lt;font color="#ffff00"&gt;-=randw@23.66.234.12=- sync:ßÇÈâÈâ
</div>
Her heart pounded.
ssh that were only three letters, but a key to unlock other worlds.
You could jump from one computer to the next.
And now she might have jumped into an NSA computer.
"randw" was apparently the NSA man's name, at least that's how it was in the log files.
She pressed the Enter key.

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
*** NSA T.A.O.
SECTION 23-54 ***
* THIS COMPUTER IS FOR AUTHORIZED ACCESS ONLY.

* WARNING: UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS CAN RESULT IN FEDERAL PROSECUTION
* FOLLOWING THE ESPIONAGE ACT OF 1917.
* STOP! IMMEDIATLY! IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT OF YOUR AUTHORIZATION.

*** ****************************
Welcome, Randy!

&lt;font color="#ffff00"&gt;-=randw@randy.tao.nsa.mil:=- sync:ßÇÈâÈâ
</div>
She could barely breathe.
Her heart was beating palpably.
She was inside! In an NSA computer.
For the first time in her life.
So easy.
The key worked.
Like in a trance, she copied all log, password and key files, then tried to cover her tracks as best she could.
Her fingers rushed wildly across the keyboard.
She always said that she could definitely type faster than she thought and that was really the case here.
Then she logged out again and landed on Karl's computer again.
Everything together had lasted no more than 30 seconds.
She didn't even know what city the computer she had just been in was in.
Maybe Fort Meade, where NSA headquarters were.
She had sweat on her hands.
Then she carefully erased all traces on Karl's computer, and pulled the USB stick out of the computer.
Everything she had collected was now on a little stick.
She embraced him in her hand and leaned back.

"Hello Marli," said a voice from the side and a young man sat next to her.

"OSKAR!" Marlene looked at him, then away and back again.
"What are you doing here?"

Oskar was a good friend of her and her brother.
He was also a cypher punk.
From him she had received the computer she had just been using at NSA.
Like Marwin, he was also under direct supervision of at least two government agencies.
Maybe even from the Americans.

"Good place," Oskar said as he looked around, "anonymous Internet and no surveillance camera if you squeeze against the wall."

Marlene: "What are you doing here??? Shit! Shit! Shit! My brother sent you?"

Oskar nodded.

Marlene: "Shit! Am I being watched by my own brother now? And... how did you find out where I was?"

Oskar: "Everything's okay.
We don't have much time.
I need you to go to The Bird in Kreuzberg.
Sit down there at the free table in the first back room and order two hamburgers.
About 20 minutes."

Marlene: "I will be a shit.
Just because you say that? Why would I do that?"

Oskar: "I don't know."

Marlene looked at him in astonishment.

Oskar: "All I know is that it's a matter of life and death!"

He looked at her seriously.
In Marlene, he never let go of his eyes.
She struggled with the rage that rose in her, her face turned red.
Oskar looked back seriously and calmly.

Oskar: "Go now ... but slowly.
And don't go directly, but buy something first."

Marlene slowly got up and walked down the stairs without turning around again.


{{{en/006_2064_A Surprise Package.md}}}

## **2064** A surprise package

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">"Pling", said the communicator</span> of Lilly, and shortly afterwards, "pling, pling", also those of the two boys.
Some time after the end of the game, all players received the results for that day.
TRON almost always made the answers completely automatic. Sometimes, however, the team controlling TRON intervened.

Lasse: "And? What do you got, Lilly?"

Lilly: "First you.
What did you get?"

Sigur looked gloomily and said, "We've been blown by your hack.
Thank you." He nodded towards Lilly.
"NSA is after us now and we must escape.
Your Marie is really super fast."

Lilly: "Oh, exciting ... new time ... Well then: fake passports, new laptops, new look and off you go ... You can score a lot of points.
Do you have any contact points the NSA doesn't know? Can you get computers that can't be traced back to you?"

Lasse ironically: "Thanks for the tips, Lilly! And also zero experience points today.
Zero point zero." He clenched his fist.
"What do you got?" He turned to Lilly.

Lilly: "Your computers gave me 20 points, awesome.
And I'm an unofficial associate at Marie now, so I can do a lot of things.
And, wow, I got a surprise package..."

Surprise packages were sometimes available for special events, mostly when players had accomplished a mission that had taken place in the real world.

Lasse: "Really? Pack it up.
What's in it?"

Lilly held her communicator towards the 3D printer and a minute later a small box appeared there.
Lilly took it and opened it.

Lilly: "Wow.
Hello.
Strong.
Here's a picture of Marlene Farras!
Yeah, sure, because of the NSA's Internet vulnerabilities.
That was their hack in reality.
That was 2021.
Then she pulled out the whole database, complete, all at once, a madness, and then she was on the run from the secret services all over the world like you are now, just a little more blatant."
She turned the card over.
"Ohh!!! Fuck! I don't believe this..."

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
Would you like to have a cocoa with me? Then call me.

Marlene

PGP: 23FF 2345 4312 AA34
</div>
Lilly raised her arms: "JUUUHHHUUU!!!! Awesome!
Marlene Farras, for real! Marlene Farras, for real! I don't believe this.
Your personal address.
Look here, your personal PGP code."

Lilly had jumped from the table and was dancing around the room.
Lasse and Sigur looked at each other.

Lasse: "Marlene Farras? Is she still alive?"

Sigur: "If she can drink cocoa, maybe..."


{{{en/007_2021_Only 30 Seconds.md}}}

## **2021** Only 30 seconds

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene bit </span> into a big hamburger and looked with slightly pinched eyes at her brother Marwin, who was sitting next to her.
Her face was still turkey red.
Out of the loudspeakers of the Hamburg restaurant boomed overloud music.
You almost had to scream if you wanted to talk over the table.

"Absolutely not.
I won't delete anything," Marlene said with a half-full mouth at normal volume so that her brother could barely hear it.
"It's all here on the stick.
Nowhere else.
I was paying attention.
The stick was new.
I cleaned up Princeton University's computer.
Nobody knows me.
Nobody knows my source.
The computer's new, too.
Explain to me why it's dangerous."

Her brother looked at her with a vivid smile: "This is TAO, Tailored Access Operations.
They're the best hackers in NSA.
No matter what the key and address were looking for on the computer, you have to delete everything you have from there immediately.
And don't touch anything anymore."

Marlene: "You've always said that NSA only has snorers, officers in a huge agency who argue and spy on each other, prefer lunch breaks and after work to hackers.
There are no people who work with dedication and conviction.
That's why they don't stand a chance against us. Now what?"

Marwin: "TAO is a special group.
These are real hackers, former real hackers. Some of them were blackmailed: Either you work for us or you go to jail for 50 years ... And if you bend over there ... There are really great people there.
They come in everywhere.
And they have a huge database with all the vulnerabilities known on the Internet.
There's something for every computer.
Yours too.
If they're gonna take you for a ride, they're gonna get you, too.
Perhaps they are not always wholehearted, but the tools they have are devastating."

Marlene: "Okay.
I see what you mean.
And because they can theoretically get me, I'm letting it go.
Oops, danger!
Since when does YOU let you intimidate me?
You always told me that was exactly what you wanted to achieve.
They puff themselves up, want to appear invincible so you can pull your dick in.
Small.
Intimidated.
Again: I was in Tails all the time, I only met my source in Tails, the computer was brand new: Where's the risk?"

Marwin moaned slightly.
"Maybe not much has happened yet. But if you tried to log into the computer from which you sent me the address, they'd set hell in motion.
Then they look everywhere, all over the team. They would set traps, do things that require enormous effort: for example, analyze the traffic of the Tor network worldwide all at once.
They need a few data centers at short notice.
But they do.
And there they can find out who they are from individual people on the goal net.
You too... Maybe they'll just arrest some hackers on the off chance that they're suspicious..."

"I was in..." interrupted Marlene.
"But only very briefly.
I copied log files, keys and passwords, nothing else.
And I cleaned up."

Marwin turned pale.

Marlene looked at Marwin, who said nothing: "Marwin, it was only 30 seconds.
It was a normal Linux computer, Debian 10.
Exactly what programmers from the Tor project use to develop Tor."

She looked at Marwin, cheering her up.
He didn't respond.

Marlene: "It's all here on the stick.
Nowhere else."

She opened her hand a crack and Marwin looked at the stick.
He reached for the stick, but Marlene pulled her hand away.
He buried his head under his hands.

Marlene: "Come.
You were on computers at the BND umpteen times last year.
And the German secret service isn't that bad either.
And I was there the whole time.
I took good care of that.
You know what I can do.
I was paying attention."

Marwin grabs his stomach.
Marlene looked at him in astonishment: "Is this so serious?"

Marwin nodded and then looked at her a little shyly: "I have to go to the c-base.
For about two hours.
After that, we need to talk again.
Then where are you?"

The c-base was one of the most famous hacker spaces in Berlin.
The only one who actually made it into tourist guides.
In the main hall people sometimes walked around with their cameras hung around and curiously looked at everything.
In the basement there was a member area.
It was a good place to be alone.

Marlene: "I'll be here.
I read a little."

Marwin: "Okay.
I'll pick you up here and then we'll go home."

Marwin got up and left the restaurant.
Marlene pulled a paperback from her laptop bag and began to read.
A play about Hilde von Papenburg, a freedom fighter during the First World War.


{{{en/008_1913_Wilhelm.md}}}

## **1913**** William

### SCENE 1: Berlin 1913
____

The Brandenburg Gate, filled with people, bicycles, horse-drawn cabs, a few uniforms.
/// Aperture /// Side street: three uniforms beat a simple young man, insult him, he bleeds out of his nose, buries his head under his arms, another kick in the belly /// A young woman distributing leaflets. All the people she meets take one, begin to read as they go on, concentrated and serious /// Aperture /// A festival meadow, filled with thousands of people with posters, signs, isolated batons.
/// Aperture /// A room behind the stage of a Berlin festival meadow.
You can hear the crowd in the background.
Wilhelm and Hilde.

Hilde runs excitedly back and forth and does not appreciate Wilhelm's gaze.

Hilde says out loud: "It's madness!" She points with both arms towards the stage.
"There are 4,000 comrades out there, hungry, tired from work, scared.
And you just want to get out of here..."

Wilhelm screams: "I DO NOT WANT! I do. Will. Don't. Don't. Get out of here! I want to tell them the truth! It won't work! We can't make it! The opponents are too strong."

Hilde: "You want to make a coward of yourself.
You want to let us down! Now, in this hard time."

Wilhelm: "No, again, I don't want that! But the forces we're up against are so ruthless, so brutal.
If it's up to you, we'll soon have mountains of corpses all over Europe! They want war! All over Europe. With hundreds of thousands dead. And that's what they want!" He covered his face with his hands.

Hilde: "Then take care of it! This is just what you wanted: Fight for peace. Don't run from the fight.
If you see some of our comrades in a wild brawl with an overpowering horde of monarchists and blood everywhere, then you don't go away and say, "It's not working!"

Wilhelm: "Then I will fetch a storm troop of the Spartacists.
I can't do it myself.
But there is no storm troop against the imperialist powers.
They have money, weapons, whole governments, entrepreneurs, the press and now also secret organizations spying for them ... and murdering!"

Hilde: "YOU ARE THE STRUMTRUPPE against the imperialists! The sharpest and most powerful weapon is the word.
That's what you told me.
And the comrades out there called you.
What is a storm troop that doesn't come when you call it?"

Wilhelm folds his arms in front of his chest and closes his eyes.
From outside you can hear "Wilhelm, Wilhelm" shouts getting louder.
He's breathing heavy.
____


{{{en/009_2021_Some action at last.md}}}

## **2021** 009_2021_Some action at last!

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Frederik sat like </span> every morning at his desk on the 6th floor.
The first floor of the headquarters of the Federal Intelligence Service in Berlin, the largest German secret service.
In front of him lay, as always, his snack package, which his wife had made for him, opposite him sat Heinz, absorbed in his newspaper.
Outside the window a group of about fifty demonstrators shouted slogans like: "Stop the surveillance mania" and "BND to the chain! They wore T-shirts with inscriptions like "I am a torrorist" and "freedom instead of fear". Frederik and Heinz ignored them.

Frederik bit into a sandwich, but then suddenly put it on the table, bent over and looked chewing at his computer monitor: "What's going on there? He pulled his keyboard up to him and typed something.
"Our American colleagues... they must be stung by oats.
Whoa.
Well, finally some action here!"

Heinz looked at his newspaper and said, "What's up?"

Frederik: "The CIA plans four search actions with twelve police cars, German police cars! Everything today, here in Berlin.
If the press doesn't notice..."

Heinz: "Today?"

Frederik: "Yup." He looked at the clock.
"In half an hour!"

Heinz: "Well, at least they tell us that in advance.
And where?"

Frederik: "Don't say that.
Somewhere in Berlin.
We're supposed to stay out of this.
Probably they just want to scare some activists or hackers again.
According to the motto: We come with German police cars, take you with us, question you and let you run again.
What's the matter with you? Just to show you that we can, so you know who you're dealing with.
And if you say anything about it, your girlfriend will suddenly have an accident.
We'll just show you who's stronger."

Heinz grinned and took his legs off the table: "A little respect doesn't hurt.
Well, I'll pass that on internally so it doesn't become a mess.
And report to the Police Headquarters, the esteemed colleagues from the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution, State Bureau of Criminal Investigation.
Hmmm... and the Chancellor." He grinned.
"Fun.
Who else needs to know? Do we have the license plates?"

Frederik: "Yup.
I'll send you over..."


{{{en/010_2021_On the way home.md}}}

## **2021** On the way home

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene trotted discontentedly</span> next to Marwin.
He hadn't said a word since the meeting at The Bird.
He was like immersed in himself, absent.

Marlene: "How did you actually find me?"

Marwin replied without looking at her: "About the BND Ü-Kamera database.
I knew pretty much when you were going home and what you were wearing, and then we followed your path."

Marlene: "With surveillance cameras? You? Shit! Shit! Shit! I thought you were a cypher punk."

Marwin turned to her: "You have no idea what this is about," he whispered.
"We were in exactly the same NSA department three weeks ago, where the computer you were in is.
It took us years to get there.
There's something pretty exciting going on right now.
Something about spy satellites.
I saw the computer you were on on the last tour, but I couldn't get in.
That's why I knew the address you sent me.
The last time we did this, we probably got blown.
No, I'm sure we've been blown.
And now we're under constant surveillance.
A lot of weird things have been happening these past few weeks.
The only computer I still trust is the one in my backpack, which I only use at home in the basement."

A police car slowly drove past them and then stopped in the middle of the road.
Two policemen and a man in a black suit got out.
The suit man quietly approached Marwin, smiled warmly and showed him his ID: "Marwin Farras?"

Marwin looked at him.
The man gave him a tablet.
He took it and looked at it.

Anzugmann: "We need your help.
With this." Marwin closed his eyes, took a deep breath and turned around after a while. Then Marie looked at him, then at the suit man again.

Anzugmann: "Will you come with me?" He gave him a look of trust.
One of the policemen stopped the back door.
Marwin gave Marlene a quick look, told her it was all right, and got in.
The doors slammed shut and the police car drove away.

As if rooted, Marlene stood on the spot for a while.
"The number", it shot through her head.
"What was the car number?" She had tried to remember them, but was then distracted by Marwin's gaze.
"B 4521 ... 2 or 3" She sat on the side of the road.
"What was important now? What could she do? Why didn't he say anything?" She tried to think.

"Why did he get on the train? Shit. Where are they taking him?" She hadn't thought of the most important question.
She could have just asked the cops.
Must! No, she just stopped and looked.
Like the snake in front of the rabbit.
What was that about? What happened to Marwin? What had he read on the tablet?

"Corinne!" she thought.
"I need to talk to her.
Maybe she's online.
Wedding, City Hall." Marlene loved the town halls in Berlin because almost all of them had free radio Internet, i.e. the one where you could enter without a password and your own address was not stored.
A so-called mesh network was an important building block for getting free Internet at some point.
And all town halls also had a place somewhere without video surveillance.
She briefly wondered if she should get a new computer, but decided to go directly there.


{{{en/011_2021_Betrayal.md}}}

## **2021**** Betrayal

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene sat in the shade</span> leaning against a wall in front of Wedding City Hall.

"Hi Cori," she typed into her chat program and stopped: "Shit, Cori doesn't have a mobile phone with her.
I can't even reach her." She leaned back and thought.
The chat program planned, Corinne was there.

Corinne: "Hi Mari.
Good to read you.
I would have tried to reach you right away, too.
It's so bad.
Everything's so bad!"

Marlene: "What happened?"

Corinne: "Shit, I can't really tell what happened earlier.
I don't know.
Two FBI guys rang the bell early in the morning, Karli had just got up.
They told Karli that something had happened in the institute, that they had some questions about it and that he should come along for two hours.
They showed him a tab and he came with us! Just like that.
Everything was so friendly and quiet.
He went with us.
And I just stood there and watched.
Now I don't even know where he is.
They didn't tell me where they were taking him.
I didn't ask anything."

Marlene shivered down her back.

After a while she types: "Shit.
It's the same with me."

Corinne: "How? Like this? You can't do that."

Marlene: "They took Marwin with them."

Corinne: "Your brother?"

Marlene: "They stopped with a police car next to us and asked him to follow.
I just stood there.
I didn't do anything, I didn't ask anything.
You showed him something on a tablet, too.
Then he got in.
It was so absurd."

Corinne: "Wow... wow."

Corinne: "What does that mean?"

Corinne: "It's no coincidence."

Corinne: "I don't think I want to know..."

Marlene: "It was coordinated.
From America to Berlin.
Shit!"

Corinne: "But how? Marwin and Karl didn't even know each other, there are no points of contact.
What's the connection? Or... or... did you? Did you tell Marwin about Karl and me?"

Marlene: "No. No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Marwin doesn't know anything about Karl and he doesn't know anything about you.
But he told me he broke into a computer system at NSA a few weeks ago.
I think that was exactly Karlis' project.
Pure coincidence.
And he probably got caught doing it."

Corinne: "Okay.
Phew.
But that doesn't explain why they suspect Karli.
There's a bunch of people working on his project.
A hacker from Berlin comes in and Karli is taken along.
There must be something that makes Karli suspicious.
I mean, he hasn't hacked anything since he's been in the project, he told me.
He said it was too dangerous because he was under constant surveillance.
He was scared.
Really scared.
He didn't even dare take the NSA key off his computer.
And now they just take him with them..."

Marlene: "Before this happened, my brother was very excited.
That's totally unusual about him.
I've never seen it like this before.
I think that happened after I sent him three Internet addresses.
I had found the addresses on Karlis's computer.
I just sent them for him to check and maybe give me a clue.
I didn't tell him where they were from.
I didn't tell my brother anything else, just the addresses, I didn't want him there because I didn't want to tell him anything about you."

Corinne: "Internet addresses of Karlis's computer?"

Marlene: "Yes.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I know it was against our agreement."

Corinne: "NSA addresses? TAO addresses?"

Marlene: "Probably.
Very likely."

Corinne and Marlene were silent for a while.

Corinne: "We had agreed: We wouldn't tell others anything about each other, nothing.
Karli didn't know about you.
Nothing."

Marlene: "Yes, I thought... I wanted..."

Corinne: "I have to go.
I'll be in touch."

Corinne was offline and Marlene looked at the chat window for a long time without really thinking about anything.
After a while, she said quietly:

"Shit, shit, shit, shit." She put her hands in her face and started crying.


{{{en/012_2064_Marlene Farras.md}}}

## **2064** Marlene Farras

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene Farras entered</span> the small school stage of the assembly house, which lay on a hill at the edge of the school grounds.
It was a mild evening outside, light wind.
The sun had just set.
Marlene walked slightly bent, a little limping, but swinging and sat down on the big sofa in the middle of the stage.
Her eyes were glowing.
She looked into the circle of about a hundred clapping children and young people.
Some were hooting.
Lilly sat to her right in an armchair and smiled at Marlene.
She smiled back warm.
Lasse and Sigur sat in the first row directly in front of the stage.

Edgar, a teacher with a sporty figure, rolled up sleeves and a sunny charisma, entered the stage and took the microphone:

"Welcome, Marlene Farras!" The applause grew louder.
He turned to Marlene and waited until it calmed down: "I am glad that you are here.
I'm glad you're still on Earth at all.
It wasn't once in your life that it was pretty close.
How do you live 14 years with an unleashed secret service on the back of your neck, the largest secret service in the world, on the list of your top goals?"

He turned to the audience: "Earlier, at the beginning of this century, there were many secret services.
And the stories are true.
They really looked for people, monitored them, imprisoned them, interrogated them, sometimes even tortured and killed them.
These were extremely dangerous facilities.
Externally in they appeared to be legal.
They don't exist anymore.
The secret services of that time have become our information services through which we can all learn all kinds of things about how people in all countries of the world work together, what they decide together, who does what particularly well and what people all over the world need to live and work.
Sometimes they even use successors to computer programs that used to be used to hunt humans and control private life on this earth.
Today, thank God, this manhunt and the control of everything and everyone is a thing of the past.
You learn about these old secret services only in history lessons, that is concretely in your case, essentially through TRON, because that's what TRON was originally made for: to show you the liberation struggle of the Internet."

Lasse and Sigur looked at each other and then at Lilly.
She smiled back and winked her eyes.

Edgar stepped forward and sat down facing the pupils at the edge of the stage, at the same time the light darkened somewhat.
He became calmer in tone: "In this world back then, which was so different from today's, it was normal for people to try to control other people's lives.
Many said that there was no other way because there was so much selfishness, so many criminals and bad people.
Many even had the right to have states screen their citizens.
Most thought it was normal for armies to monitor their soldiers, companies their employees, and even teachers their students and parents their children: whether they went to school, whether they had learned what they should learn, and whether they did something better or worse than the other students, how much they played on the computer, all sorts of things.
Control and monitoring were widespread at the time.

There was a fight everywhere, too.
Between countries, companies, political parties, but also in schools, families, everywhere.
That was perfectly normal.
That's why people kept things secret, didn't show how they really were, what they really thought.
Either to avoid an argument or to have an advantage over others.
More and more things were kept secret that were vital to people who should have known them.
The silence went all the way up to world politics and the big companies.
That was the worst part.
Environmental disasters were kept secret, wars, surveillance and in the end the worst things could happen in the world and almost nobody knew about it.

That was the field of work of the Cypherpunks.
They were not only programmers who wrote encryption programs and searched for and repaired vulnerabilities on the Internet.
They were hackers, too.
They were concerned about much more than that.
It was about a new world, a new way of living together, it was about finding a way that all people can live as they are, according to their own ideas.
It was about nobody having to bend over for anyone else anymore.
It was about a world where there was less and less fear and coercion and lies.

And although it did not look like it for a long time at all, the way was found into this new world.
Many people had considered this impossible at the time, although most would have preferred to live in such a world.
The forces that stood in the way, the forces you tried out in TRON, they seemed to be overpowering.
What could have been done against the giant armies, giant corporations and powerful governments?
But anything you want is possible.
And so this way was found.
Especially children and teenagers like you."


{{{en/013_2064_The Cypherpunk Academy.md}}}

== **2064** The Cypherpunk Academy

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Edgar spoke more forcefully:</span> "Marlene Farras was 16 years old when she hacked the NSA vulnerability database.
And above all then made it available to all people.
This was a turning point in the liberation struggle of the Internet.
It caused an earthquake all over the world.
Suddenly everyone could see clearly and feel for themselves how many back doors and loopholes there were everywhere on the Internet.
It was full of holes, a lot of people, not only the secret services, could access all the computers they wanted to access.

The Internet had already become a real living space for the young generation at that time.
And when they could understand what was happening in secret, what was being done to screen and categorize them, to get them to buy things, to find things important, or to find unimportant, to withhold things from them, everything changed for them.
These back doors and loopholes were not primarily used to hunt down criminals or terrorists, no, they were used to monitor and control the new generation.
Through these manipulations many people believed that they needed this and that in order to have a happy life or not to have an unhappy life, they worked for it, spent a lot of time and energy for it, although they did not really need it.
So the new generation was distracted from what they really wanted to do, in their hearts, in their idealism.
Many of them became cypher punks at this turning point.

And what Lilly has succeeded in doing, why we all sit here and hundreds of thousands of students from all over the world watch us, is to play this famous hack.
He was built into TRON from the beginning and waited for someone to find him.
Lilly found it and mastered it on the first attempt."

Yelling in the audience.
Lilly laughed and shone all over her face.

Edgar: "Yes ... And so the TRON game enters a new phase.
And that one's changing.
I can tell you that already.
There is a lot of news, but most of all there is a new rule in the game.
And she's explaining it to you now, Lilly." He beckoned over to her.

Lilly looked into the audience.
"Hmm.
I'm a little excited.
Flattery in the belly area.
Yes ...
... What's the new rule? She's pretty simple.
It says that from now on we can also play all missions as Cypherpunk missions.
Whether you're a secret service agent or a business executive, a politician, a hacker, an American president, whatever.
You can say TRON at the beginning of a game round or sometime in between that you are now Cypherpunk and then you get your points not for domination, money and control, but for publishing secrets, for compensating for injustices and for creating awareness of how the world actually works."

Lilly looked at Marlene and said, "Marlene, would you like to say something?"

Marlene: "Yes, of course.
As Edgar has already said, the Cypherpunks were not only interested in encryption and open, free software.
It was about a transformation of culture, of how people treat each other.
Encryption was a first step because it allowed us to do things unobserved on the Internet.
The same applies to open and free software and distributed services on the Internet.
We had to make sure that we could work in peace, that we could decide for ourselves what to do on the Internet.
That was the basis.
Without encryption everything else won't help, then we would be at the mercy of all those who have access to the Internet.
But when we had this, it really started.

We had the ideals of that time before us: power, money, control.
These were the deities of many people back then.
They were worshipped like the gods in ancient times.
It was the most important thing in life.
That's where we wanted other ideals.
For example, the whole world of companies and governments should become transparent.
We wanted to take a step towards a real democracy.
Those are the things you want to be if you want to be cypher punk."

Lilly: "And if you want to practice that, if you want to get to know it in depth, there's a whole new place for you in the game.
And this is really a hammer..." She winked at Marlene.
"Marlene was involved in the programming.
I'll be very curious to hear what you have to say.
I've looked around a little, it's pretty big, and you can do a lot there.
It's... the new... Cypherpunk Academy!
An academy where you can become real cypher punks.
And she's somewhere in TRON.
You can find her."

The audience cheered.

Lilly: "It's like a game in a game, it's not easy.
You have to work together a lot and become creative, think and react quickly.
In any case, it is about the eleven basic ideas of the liberation struggle that you know, i.e. encryption, overcoming oppression, overcoming opposition, unfolding initiative, ...". She interrupted and looked back at Marlene: "I read a lot about it in your book.
Can you introduce them?
I'd love that."

Lasse shouted from his seat, "Yes! That would be great."

Marlene nodded, "I'm happy to do it." She turned to the audience.
"But first we'll take a little break, right? The buffet's waiting.
And food is also important."


{{{en/014_2021,1913_The speech.md}}}

## **2021, 1913**** The speech

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene was still sitting </span> in front of the Weddinger Rataus.
She wiped tears from her eyes.
Where was your brother? Why did he go with you?
How could she straighten this out with Corinne?
She could barely think.
She felt empty, infinitely empty.
She closed her laptop, put it away and leaned back.
After a while she pulled her book out of her pocket and started reading.

### SCENE 2: Berlin, Waldbühne
____
Wilhelm stood in front on the stage behind a desk, diagonally behind him Hilde.
In front of them a crowd of people, all eyes on Wilhelm, excitement.
Lots of fists up in the air.
Bravo calls.
Wilhelm raises his hands.
The crowd becomes silent.

Wilhelm: "Comrades! What we want... what we really want is to just live our lives.
Our lives.
The way we want to live.
Not the life that others choose for us, what others want us to pretend.
We don't want to be oppressed.
And then we are strong, every single one of us, every single one of us ... when we follow what we feel in ourselves, when we do what we want to do out of ourselves.
If we live our freedom."

Cheers, cheers.

"But there are people who don't want us to do this.
They're trying to stop it.
They want us to do what they want us to do.
And they're willing to use force.
They have built big factories, big administrative buildings, where they force us to work according to their conditions.
We'll find our way out.
And we've already achieved a lot.
But now, comrades, we are facing a turning point in this struggle.
Now the entrepreneurs and imperialists are unleashing their forces against each other.
For the first time.
And that's gonna hit us, hit us hard.
They're gonna fight among themselves.

We are facing a war, a great war, perhaps the very first world war.
There is a real danger that the peoples of Europe and overseas will strike each other without mercy, with the full force of their strength and with all the new war equipment invented in recent years.
We'll see armored cars on the battlefields, machine guns and planes flying over them, throwing bombs.
It's not a utopia.

And this war will not be fought because a people wants to expand its territories.
Not because one people wants to subjugate another, no, it is not about which people rules which other.
It is about the rule of money, about the power of the economy, it is about who controls capital.
For the first time in the history of mankind, we stand before imperialists going into battle with capitalists against other imperialists and capitalists, fighting to see who sells more goods, who earns more money".

Whistles, yikes, boo and death calls.

"Yes, as absurd and disgusting as it may sound to you, that's the point.
The money's taken over.
And now it's time for battle.

The imperialists and capitalists will of course not fight themselves, just as they do not work themselves.
They're letting us work.
And they'll let us fight and die."

The crowd's getting louder.
Wilhelm must raise his voice.

"I have struggled a lot with myself lately, I have spoken to many people, read many newspapers and books.
I find and find no way to stop this imperialist-capitalist fighting machine.
It moves us all towards a war that may already come this year, perhaps next year, but not five years from now.
And the German capitalists conjured up all this.
The German capitalists to whom you give your work and who collect the money for it.
In recent decades they have done everything in their power to sell their goods and products anywhere in the world.
And they're greedy, they're insatiable.
They want more and more and more and more and more.
This year, 1913, for the first time in history, they sold more than the capitalists of the great world power of the British Empire.
You're number two in the world now, to America.
This British Empire will not accept this, they were once the rulers of the world, they still own India and half of Africa.
This supremacy is now in danger of being lost forever.
And they will do everything, and I say, do everything, so that this does not happen."

Growing excitement.
Individual tumultuous scenes in the crowds.

"Both sides are gathering their allies at this hour.
Secret diplomacy is in full swing.
And all it takes is one spark to explode everything.
The hatred of the peoples is stirred up by the newspapers.
In all countries they are rushing the peoples against each other, putting them in fear, building up enemy images.
...comrades ..." He closed his eyes.
It opened again.
"I see no way!"

"But I can't give up either.
I firmly believe that there is a way.
We must fraternise with our French comrades, with our English and Russian comrades and embrace them, eat and drink with them, celebrate with them.
We must all become brothers and sisters! Brothers and sisters don't shoot at each other.
So we must all become brothers and sisters.
The imperialist machine is strong, like a boulder rolling down a mountain.
I don't know if there's any way to stop them, but I know we're gonna try.
Together! He tore his fist in the air.
"Together!"

Everything else goes down in the loud cheers of the masses.
____


{{{en/015_2021_We're not taking her!.md}}}

## **2021**** We're not taking her!

At the headquarters of the BND in Berlin.

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">"We won't get them.</span> Basta!" Frederik yelled at his colleague Heinz across his desk.

"Why? She met her brother right after the break-in.
That's no coincidence.
She must know something," Heinz replied somewhat angry, but still calm.

Frederik: "Maybe she knows something about it.
Maybe she's just guessing.
In any case, she does understand what her brother is doing.
I saw her here last year at a hackathon.
There she showed what she can do ...
Still, we're not going to get them."
He looked at Heinz seriously.
"I'm serious about this.
This is an official order."

Heinz swallowed.
"We should leave no stone unturned if we want to find out what they were up to with the TAO servers..."

Frederik: "Stop it! You don't get it.
It's not always about finding out what's going on.
That's even irrelevant right here.
It's about more than that.
Marlene Farras is hanging in there with her heart.
She's infected by her brother.
And that's what this is about: An infection, a tumor.
And you have to treat it before it grows any bigger.
On the one hand, of course, he has to get out.
But on the other hand, he shouldn't come back.
And that means it's not just about cutting out as much as you need.
But to treat the whole environment in such a way that nothing grows there anymore.
Only then will we have a chance to stop this.
And we can use Marlene Farras for that."

Heinz: "Hey, Frederik, slow down.
They're human, not cancer."

Frederik: "Yes, it's just a picture.
I don't mean that so hard.
You know me. You know me.
But what good would it do if the Farras continued where their brother left off?
She's got the talent for it.
Also talent to remain anonymous.
I've been looking for her on the Tor network before, with the help of some NSA guys.
We had quite a few computers in use at the time to find their tracks, a few thousand, just for them.
But we didn't find anything.
Nothing. Nothing.
She does it very skilfully.

But now we have her in the corner! Her brother's gone, she's looking for him.
There is not much missing, nor a few really bad news, a few actions in her environment and she leaves the hacking for all time.
And everyone around her will see that, they'll think she's paranoid or schizophrenic and eventually she really will be.
And only then is there real peace.
Your whole environment must think you have to be crazy to mess with us.
That's worth more than another hacker in prison who might be making new plans there.
Or worse, like Edward Snowden or Julian Assange ... "Better a man goes through a difficult time than everything gets on fire."

Heinz: "Come on, over here".
He pointed to his screen.
"Look, the guys from NSA.
You wouldn't believe it.
Marlene Farras just had chat contact ... with the girlfriend of ... Karl.
Karl, you know, the satellite man from Virginia.
Hot stuff."

Frederik nodded: "Wow.
How'd you do that? Then we also have to put Karl's girlfriend on the list.
Or maybe not.
I think the Americans are taking good care of it.
But really strange, how did they get together?"

Heinz: "So far no trace of it.
We could ask Marlene Farras... Shouldn't we ask her..."

Frederik: "No! She stays where she is.
I will once again search the Tails activities on the Internet for chat connections between New Jersey and Berlin.
Maybe we'll find something."


{{{en/016_2021_Alone.md}}}

## **2021**** Alone

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene lay on </span> the bed in her brother's basement bedroom.
The room was covered with a spark-proof cover, the power grid was filtered.
In addition, her brother had installed a small toilet room, a refrigerator and also made some other changes.
Next to the bed was a desk with two large computer monitors.

Marlene hadn't heard from Corinne in three days.
Three long days.
She had spent most of the time in Marvin's basement.
Corinne's chat account had remained silent.
Maybe she couldn't use it anymore, maybe it was too dangerous for her, maybe she just didn't want to talk to her anymore.
It had been a betrayal of her friendship, but how could she have known that the addresses were so explosive?

Everyone in her family had received an e-mail from her brother in the meantime.
It said he was fine.
And it was digitally signed with his personal key.
No one in Marlene's circle doubted its authenticity.
He wrote that he would disappear for a while, travel around the world, that he needed time to think, to rethink everything he had done.
And he just wanted to leave, without a big farewell troara, it had all been too much for him.
Just keep your distance from everything old and above all from hacking.
Especially the BND thing had become too stressful for him.

And in fact his room was missing a suitcase and some of his things.
He didn't write a word from the police or whoever picked him up in the car.
Marlene had read the e-mail a hundred times.
To find any hidden clue.
In the end, she had had so much stomach pain that she had extinguished it.
Her brother didn't write that! She knew that much.
He wouldn't write that kind of nonsense or just walk away.
His key was hanging by the dressing room like he was home.
Someone else must have put him back there and got the stuff, too.
A shiver ran down her spine.
It had been clear to her before.
They're coming into the apartments.
You're not safe anywhere.
Her brother told her that.
But it was something completely different when it actually happened.

No one believed her.
Not that someone hung the key and took his things, not the car that stopped in broad daylight.
All police stations in Berlin said that none of their cars were in this street at the time.
And the car with the license plate Marlene had remembered was at the same time on a fire brigade mission in another part of town.
In the end, they didn't even believe that she had walked home with him that day.
It was so spooky.
In her head all the questions went round and round: Where was Marwin? How was he? What had they done to him? What did they just do to him? Was he even alive? And she had no one to talk to.

All the others, her parents and her uncle, neighbours, were not worried at all.
They even got a little mad at Marwin for just leaving.
But that he may have gone through a horrible time now? Marlene kept crying.
Crying was the only thing she could do when she got stuck.
Crying and the story of Hilde from the First World War.
Why didn't anybody believe her? How well do you have to know someone that you can trust them in a situation like this? Her brother would have trusted her.
Dead sure.
But your own parents? Isn't it? They had brought in a psychologist, Marlene had talked to her, hoping that she would notice that everything was fine with her.
But at the end she had said that Marlene had a post-traumatic stress syndrome because of the loss of her brother.
She would change reality to fit her image of her brother instead of accepting the real image of her brother.

Marwin was gone.
That was bad.
But worse was what happened to Marwin now.
And with Corinne...

"Pling," said her chat program.

"Hi Mari! All's well with you?" appeared on the screen.

"Corinne!" called Marlene and stared spellbound at her laptop.


{{{en/017_2021_A friend.md}}}

## **2021** A girlfriend?

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene wondered,</span> what she should write Corinne, what she could write.
Was the connection secure? From their side, very likely, although the intelligence service was literally sitting outside in the cable distributor.
She was safe for at least ten, fifteen minutes.
But Corinne's? How safe was it with her? Did she know what to look for?

Corinne wrote: "Hej Mari, I've been diving for the last three days.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I couldn't take it anymore.
I needed this.
I still have no word from Karli."

Marlene: "Nothing? Nothing at all?"

Corinne: "No.
I didn't find a police station that knew anything about him.
And I searched the whole town.
All the places he used to be.
He just disappeared.
But that's not even all.
I was with him at university and they say he's on a business trip to Europe.
A very urgent, secret mission.
That would have to do with his project."

Marlene: "What?!"

Corinne: "An absolute humbug.
He would have told me something.
He's not going to Europe without telling me.
But at the university they indicated to me that there would be a crisis in our relationship anyway.
And maybe that's why he didn't say anything.
I don't know how you got that.
It's really bad here.
Nobody believes me."

Marlene: "Shit.
How can the intelligence people do that? How can they get everyone to believe their story and not yours? "Don't you really know anyone there good enough to ask them what's really going on?"

Corinne: "I thought I had one or two friends.
But everyone really believes the story of Karli on a trip to Europe.
And I look like I'm crazy or something."

Marlene: "But from a journey he must come back sometime."

Corinne: "Maybe in a coffin?"

Marlene swallowed, "In a coffin?"

Corinne: "You never know what they do so that the truth doesn't come to light.
Believe me, they'll do anything if they're sure it's hidden if the public doesn't notice.
The truth is the most dangerous thing in the world.
You need an army of lies to protect them..."

"YES!" wrote Marlene.

Corinne: "What about your brother? And your parents?"

Marlene: "Just like you.
Nobody believes me.
I got an e-mail.
They believe that he travels around the world to rethink his life, to find himself or just to have fun.
Total shit.
It feels so bad when no one takes you seriously.
I try everything to bring a little logic to the people around me.
It means I tried, I stopped.
It's no use.
Otherwise, I'm really going crazy."

Corinne: "Make sure this doesn't happen.
You mustn't go crazy.
We'll get through.
Together.

Marlene: ";-)"

Corinne: "What about the data from Karlis' computer? Did you get anything out of that? Did you find the NSA key?"

Marlene leaned back and breathed deeply.
What was that now? She hadn't touched the USB flash drive with the NSA data all along.
She didn't know what she had or didn't have.
It just wasn't important to her now.
Her brother was gone, her parents twisted, the German Secret Service was after her.
Maybe an American, too.
She had other problems.
Yes, the USB flash drive.
She reached into her trouser pocket and grabbed him.
What could she say to Corinne now? Lying is not an option.
Never. Never.
Lying, that's what the other side does.
It was like Marwin was standing next to her and whispering that in her ear.

Corinne: "It was already a bit out of the blue.
Suddenly they get so wild.
Send out fake police cars and whatnot.
Something must have happened that triggered this. You did something? Or is it?"

Marlene put her face in her hands and thought intensely.

Corinne: "Perhaps Karl and Marwin's life is at stake now.
That's why I really want to know what's going on.
"What were you doing that day when those two were taken?"

Marlene: "I first went to Karlis' computer and got all the keys and logs and password files there.
I found the NSA key, along with addresses of three computers where it might fit.
I sent this to my brother.
You know that."

Corinne: "And then what did you do?"

Marlene's heart started beating.
Thoughts flashed through her head.
"Was that Corinne? Was it really her? She wrote differently than usual.
It didn't feel like Corinne.
Well, she was in a different situation than usual, too.
What did they know at the NSA? I'm sure they knew about my trip to the NSA computer.
It was only 30 seconds, but that's enough.
Maybe they didn't know it was me.
Yeah, right.
Otherwise I wouldn't be here and free.
Maybe I've covered the tracks on Karl's computer well enough.
The NSA key was no longer on the computer.
Maybe they didn't even know about the key.
There's only a copy of it on my stick.
Maybe Corinne told them about it.
Shit.
What to do now? What would Marwin do? Don't give up, don't pull back.
Secret services would have so many snorers and bores working.
Their actual abilities would be far overrated.
On the other hand, he had been terribly afraid of them that day.
The TAO Division of the NSA.
She didn't get a clear picture.

Marlene: "I was on the NSA computer.
For a very short time.
I only looked around once, got some log files, nothing special."

Corinne: "Wow.
Wow. Wow.
It was.
Your brother was under surveillance and then an attack came from Berlin, from Karlis's computer.
Yeah, right.
Then they go wild."

Marlene: "I was anonymous there.
I had a tail panel.
No one knows the attack came from Berlin."

Corinne: "You know that the NSA is the only intelligence service in the world that can get individual people out of tails.
For a specific event, you can search almost the entire Internet - in minutes.
And then they can say, the computer that just accessed the NSA computer is in Berlin."

Marlene: "Yes, I know.
That's why sometimes you only have 10-15 minutes."

Corinne: "Do you have logs from the visit?"

Marlene got scared.
Why did Corinne want to know about the logs now? It wasn't her way, it wasn't her language.

Marlene: "I don't feel like talking about it now.
I haven't thought about the dates in the last few days, and I don't plan to in the near future."

Corinne: "But I want to know.
I want to know what happened to Karli.
Do you understand that?"

Marlene was thinking.

Corinne: "I am here alone, without friends, without someone to talk to.
The only girlfriend I have tells me she doesn't want to talk to me."

Marlene looked spellbound at the chat window.

Corinne: "Say something! I have a right to know.
You..."

Marlene clicked the window away and pulled the Tails Stick out of the computer.


{{{en/018_2064_Eleven basic ideas.md}}}

## **2064** Eleven basic ideas

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene: "The eleven basic ideas</span> have helped us to understand better and better how one can free oneself from the clutches of superior opponents, how one can move and communicate freely, even if there are people who want to prevent this.
Whether these people work for huge intelligence agencies, in heavily armed armies, or in large and rich corporations.
There are things stronger than all that.
And that's what the Cypherpunks looked for and tried, so they helped to end the war over 30 years ago.

The basic ideas are like a toolbox.
I'm just gonna hint at each one now.
You can get to know them better in the academy, where you can also practice them.
You're gonna need them.
You won't get through without it.

I already told you the first thought: encryption, free and open software, distributed computers.
Everything that is indestructible to even the most powerful adversaries.
This has always saved us our personal freedom.
That's the foundation.
Only 50 years ago many people did not understand the great importance of these three things, that without them nothing would work.
That one needs areas in life where one is alone with others, where no one can look in or come in from outside.
Most people took more trouble to learn a language or to drive a car than to learn encryption, to use free software, and to make sure that their personal data wasn't lying around somewhere where someone could steal it.
It was too uncomfortable for many.

Julian Assange once expressed his second thought with the sentence: Dedication wins against wealth.
Devotion wins against wealth.
In my words, I would say that what people carry in their hearts is stronger than any power in the world.
The powerful didn't really care about the cypher punks back then.
They were annoyed about them, they wanted to stop them, to have them away, but as people they were not interesting for them.
That's why they never got rid of her.
They were brutal but half-hearted and therefore slow, inaccurate and immobile.
The turning point came when every year more and more young people lived their own ideals and carried them more and more into the world of big companies, governments and secret services instead of adopting their ideals.
They did not want to bend themselves any more, but to live their ideals also in the companies, everywhere in life as they already did among each other: to meet each other as human beings, to compensate injustices, to live in trust, in community, with a view to the quality of life of each individual human being.

The third thought is the overcoming of opposition in life.
On a large scale, this is the overcoming of nationalism and racism, of people being considered better or worse, more or less worthy depending on which country they come from, what outlook on life, attitude, title, how much money they have, whether they are man or woman.
In detail, it is about recognizing that every person has a good core, really everyone!
At the core, everyone does what they consider to be good and right.
Even if he throws bombs.
He then usually thinks that it is necessary to throw bombs, that there is no other way.
Of course, that's always a mistake in thinking.
And it's racism, of course, if you're against racism.
You can't overcome racism with racism.

The fourth is the free development of one's own initiative.
There were already great attempts in my youth to do this.
For example, the Linux project that all of you know.
Tens of thousands of people work together there and most of them not to earn money, but because they wanted to realize their own ideas.
For that to work, you need strong and good rules, and a strong thinking togetherness.
For example, anyone could start and build their own project at any time and no one else could talk them into it.
It just wasn't technically possible.
And everyone was allowed to see everything he did from the other, and also to copy all the ideas and plans and programs he wanted without asking.
Today we do this not only with computer programs, but everywhere in life: When we build bridges, produce cars or generate electricity, everyone can see how this is done, down to the last detail.
Everybody takes what he needs from it, if he wants to build something himself, he reshapes it and makes it available again to all others, no matter who it is, no matter where in the world.

The fifth is not to judge other people, not to say or think that they are doing something good or bad, that they could do something better, but only to try to understand why they are doing something, why they are thinking or saying something.
The point is to think oneself into others, to see the world from their perspective.
Then something very strange often happens: although they sometimes do or say bad things, you feel closer to them and that makes you calmer even inside.
And the others often notice that, sometimes unconsciously, and also become calmer and get closer.
And then sometimes the whole situation suddenly changes.
I experienced this once with the murderer of my brother.
And also the opposite with my parents, what happens if you don't manage to think yourself into others.

The sixth is that we humans always talk past each other, listen past and think past each other.
We don't hear what the other guy says, and he doesn't say what he thinks.
I don't mean lying now, but when someone really wants to say what he thinks, then he doesn't say that, but something a little different.
There are a lot of misunderstandings.
What can you do? About what you know in the fable with the four people who all saw the same house, but each only from one side and meet later and talk about it.
You could argue about it now because one saw a door and the other didn't.
And one four windows and another two.
But they don't, they listen to the others and try to figure out how everything fits together.
They try to resolve the contradictions and preserve everything that everyone says.
You have to look at things from different angles if you want to get to know them.

The seventh is the one with which the Cypherpunks movement became known worldwide.
That is the right for everyone to know what governments, today we call administrations, because they no longer govern, what companies, armies, the police and so on are doing.
Everyone has the right to know everything about what concerns them, for example when they use or consume something.
When you eat an egg, you can experience what has been done to produce it and bring it to you.
Just like when you use electricity, when you drive a tram or a car.
And everyone can find out what the administration of their own country does, for example to ensure security.
But always only then, when it is already done, not before or when it is just done, at the latest a few weeks afterwards.
Doing itself should remain free.

We're four short now.
But I feel it gets a little abstract when I just count these.
They're a little different than the first seven, too.
Especially the last two.
Well, let's keep this a little exciting.
You will know them when you are through the first seven thoughts in the Academy."


{{{en/019_2021_The psychologist.md}}}

## **2021** The psychologist

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">It knocked on</span> Marlene's door.
She got scared.
"Who was that now?" She breathed deeply.
The strange experience with Corinne was still everywhere in her limbs.

Her mother said through the door, "It's me, your mama."

Marlene: "I don't want to go now."

Mother: "Stefanie is here.
She wants to talk to you."

Marlene: "I talked to her."

Stefanie was the psychologist who thought Marlene had discovered a post-traumatic disorder.
She was 35 years old and close friends with her mother.
Surely she didn't ask her mother for money for the conversations, she did it out of the best will to help because she liked her mother so much.
Nothing Marlene remotely needed now.
She needed a human, just common sense, not a psychologist.
Someone who tried to understand them and didn't want to change them.

"Marlene, I have an idea I'd like to share with you," Stefanie said through the door.
"Maybe we can use it to improve the situation."

Marlene didn't answer.
She sat down on her sofa and closed her eyes.

Stefanie: "I'll grab a chair here and wait until you're ready.
It's important to me.
Take your time."

Marlene tried to meditate, at least to do what she imagined she would do.
In any case, it was good for her to seek her inner balance for a while.
And that usually even worked in real stress situations, such as the one she was in at the time.
Marwin had told her what he did when everything went wrong with him and he no longer knew where he was or where he could go.
She had made her own thing out of it.
So she sat cross-legged on the sofa with her eyes closed, one leg on the floor and quietly said, "My life is not in danger.
I don't need anything from the outside to be satisfied.
I've got everything I need.
I don't have to do anything right."

After about a quarter of an hour she got up, walked slowly to the door, opened it and looked at Stefanie, who was sitting on a chair on the basement wall reading a book.
Stefanie looked up and smiled at Marlene, wanted to get up, but Marlene gave her a sign and sat down against the wall.

Marlene: "What are you trying to tell me?"

Stefanie also sat on the floor.
"I've been thinking a lot about your situation.
What you got stuck in.
I didn't understand."

Marlene asked concentrated: "What didn't you really understand?"

Stefanie: "It's real.
Absolutely real.
You have no choice but to see it differently.
It's absolutely real! In a way."

Marlene looked at the floor.
A quiet rage went up in her.
She hated manipulation.

Stefanie: "Your body makes it real.
How the body can hold back the blood in a shock, even if you have a large wound.
Likewise, the body can bind your thinking, it can determine what you think.
It's like you're in a prison, except you can't see or feel the bars.
I hope so much that perhaps you suspect something about it, that you feel that something is wrong with your thinking."

Marlene answered without looking up from the floor: "And then my body conjures a police car into my memory, from which three men get out, talk to my brother, then look at me and get in without saying goodbye?

Stefanie nodded seriously: "Yes.
That's possible."

Marlene: "And how do you explain that I had already told you about this before I even got the letter from Marwin in which he wrote that he was gone?

Stefanie: "I've already thought about that.
You may have guessed before that your brother wants to leave, or you may have noticed it on the sidelines."

Marlene: "On the sidelines? I noticed it on the sidelines and was so shocked by it that my thinking was tied up." Marlene cooked, but continued to speak in a calm tone.

Stefanie: "I think he told you before!"

Marlene burze: "AND THE FINDEST OF YOU SIMPLE EVERYTHING! IT'S ALL MADE UP! You say, "That could be." "I think." "Maybe.
It's not facts, it's not true, it's your imagination."

Stefanie replied with an understanding voice: "It's completely unlikely that your brother would just get into the car like that.
Without asking the cops or saying goodbye.
He looks at a tablet and that's it.
Hej, he was a professional hacker, he had dealt with policemen umpteen times and made them white hot.
A judge once yelled at him and then broke off the trial and he stayed calm.
I was in that room, I can still see his quiet smile today.
And does anything that he reads on a tablet display make him get into a police car just like that, without question, without resistance?" She looked at Marlene very closely.

Marlene froze.
Why did he just get on the train like that? What's the matter with you? She'd asked herself that a thousand times.
She didn't know.

Stefanie: "I think, and I am a psychologist, I think that your brother got into a car with friends and drove away with them.
He gave you one more look, but he didn't say anything.
But that look made you understand he's not coming back.
And a world has collapsed for you.
A normal car has turned into a police car and three friends, two policemen and a secret service man.
You came home that day crying all to hell.
What's the matter with you? Where were you?"

"In Wedding, at City Hall," she said quietly, burying her face in her hands.

Stefanie put her hand on Marlene's shoulder, but she pushed it back.

Stefanie: "Come.
You could go for a few weeks here in Berlin to the Havelhöhe.
There's an institute there where you can relax.
And maybe you can find the right story there.
If you want.
Do you want that?"

Marlene slowly looked up at Stefanie with a questioning look.
Then she rose and disappeared into her room.


{{{en/020_2021_Different strategies.md}}}

## **2021** Different strategies

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">In the BND central.</span>

Heinz: "Look at this! Fuck! Marlene Farras was on an NSA TAO computer at Fort Meade taking data.
Our Marlene.
It's a thing!"

Frederik went over to Heinz and looked at his screen.

Frederik: "Who says?"

Heinz: "The American colleagues are good.
I hope they didn't kill anyone to get that information.
How do they know all of a sudden?
"There were only traces of Karl on the computer, I thought."

Frederik: "Karl's girlfriend.
She must have talked.
Or had to talk." He smiled.
"But at least they tell us something like that once.
Just like that... without consideration.
Who knows, maybe this could be the beginning of a trusting cooperation."

Heinz shook his head: "They don't just tell us."

Frederik bent over Heinz' shoulder and read the e-mail.
Then he shook his head wildly: "Sew! No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
You won't get Marlene!
Not from me.
Not now. Not now.
She can't go to America now.
We're so close.
One more step and she'll go to psychiatric voluntarily.
We can't just get her out of there right now.
And suicide isn't prepared.
There's going to be a riot.
The whole environment, family, friends.
It's a wasp's nest.
And if she just disappears like her brother now, we might get an initiative that stands in front of the American Embassy for a few weeks, or here, or a wild hash day in Twitter, #woistmarianne, or some other of those actions.
And then the press starts... way too much attention.
No can do.
I can't."

Heinz looked at Frederik skeptically: "And how are you going to do that?
I mean: You say no to the Americans and you can put your hand on the handset for the call, which is then made from the 13th floor.
Stock comes, where some greenhorn with a bloated chest gives you a nice greeting from the president and tells you that you have to do it after all."

Frederik had gone back to his seat and let himself fall into his chair.
"I can't give them up now.
Half a year, maybe.
Then they can have her.
But not now."

Frederik: "We can bring her here.
The Americans interrogate her and we bring her back.
Right now, nobody believes you anyway.
Probably wouldn't even tell.
Schorsch is pretty active right now.
And it's really good.
He's doing some things with her right now, you wouldn't believe.
So bold! Look here, you haven't seen this..."

Frederik showed Heinz a box with a diary, some clothes and a watch.

"Everything from Marlene," he grinned.
"Schorsch has been taking Schorsch out of her room for the last few days.
And always while she was in the room.
She barely leaves him.
Three in the morning.
A little gas, and she's asleep.
He can get in anywhere.
A total lunatic.
He even erases the images from the two surveillance cameras she has in her room.
The only thing he hasn't gotten to is her laptop.
She seems to have it in her sleeping bag right between her legs.
In the next few days, the things will come back to their places one by one."

"Between her legs? That's pretty paranoid," Heinz said.
"I think we'll have them soon.
No man can stand it."

Federik: "Yes, you put your diary on the table in a small room and the next morning it's gone.
You search everywhere.
Think you're going crazy.
And then two days later, all of a sudden, it's back.
That's good old decomposition.
My uncle was with the Stasi.
They have achieved quite a lot in this direction with their cute means.
The whole country trembled at them, at the lame pile of officials.
I was really scared! I'm telling you, the simplest things work best.
Manipulating computers.
Simply switch off and on the screen from time to time from a distance, let the program crash when the person is writing an important e-mail, hold the mouse pointer, delete a text passage, end a telephone call.
It's surveillance homeopathy.
So... We're not giving them out now!"

Heinz: "Then you need a pretty good story."

Frederik: "We tell them that she will soon be in a psychiatric ward.
That's where they get access.
Not now."


{{{en/021_2064_The Sphinx.md}}}

## **2064** The Sphinx

[text-caps]#Lilly to Marlene Farras: "Thank you!
The thoughts are of your brother, aren't they?"

Marlene nodded.

Lilly grinned, "If I had a poster in my room, it'd be from him."

Marlene: "He feared that people would do this one day.
I remember when we laughed about it.
But, Lilly ... There's something else, isn't there?"

Lilly laughed. "Yeah, sure! There's something new."

She looked briefly at Lasse and then raised her flat hand towards the audience.
On it appeared a three-dimensional, approximately 15 cm tall, drawn mosquito fly.
Lasse and Sigur had set up a number of 3D projectors in the room with which you could show and move things at any point.

Lilly: "This is Mostafa.
He's one of the masters of the academy."

She threw Mostafa into the air and he fluttered quite excitedly a lap over the audience and then towards the sofa where he sat down next to Lilly on the armchair back, flapped his wings once more and began to speak in a clear, somewhat squeaky and excited voice.

Mostafa: "Hello, hey! My first appearance here.
First of my life ever!
Yeah, what can I say?
I'm Mostafa.
I'm an Asian tiger mosquito."
He flapped his wings.
"And I know a lot about the academy.
Anything at all.
At least everything you need to know about the academy.
I know, for example, what the last four basic ideas are.
Hey, hey.
And I know every entrance, every transition, every exit, every game, every trick.
I've been everywhere.
And... I know the Sphinx! Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
And my colleagues here: Wim, Tin and Wunderlich."

A big bear, an owl and a rat appeared backstage.
The bear jumped over the back of the sofa with an elegant swing and landed with a light smile on his lips next to Marlene on a large cushion.
The owl fluttered upwards and then landed awkwardly between bear and Lilly on the backrest.
And the rat was scurrying around on stage for a while, as if looking for a hiding place, and then disappeared under Lilly's chair.
Shortly afterwards she looked out of there a little shyly.

Lilly: "These are the four game masters of the academy.
Mostafa will show you around.
He explains new things and gives all kinds of comments, you can ask him anything related to the academy." She looked over to Mostafa, who twisted the beak sharply upwards.

"Wim, the bear, is responsible for the learning atmosphere, for ensuring that everyone feels free, that everyone can find their way, that everyone can try out what they want to try.
With him together you play the game of 11 basic thoughts.
For each thought there is a plain island.
He himself lives in the garden of Epicurus on the eleventh level island.
That's where you must try to get there.
The way leads over all eleven islands.
It's a bit like a maze.
You can find out exactly what that is in the game.

Tin the owl knows everything that happened in the liberation struggle.
She knows the whole story, all the cypher punks, all the hacks and above all the general thought mistakes that led to the wars on the Internet.
It will give you programming tasks, thought error puzzles and game orders.
She lives in a magical world, which is nowhere, and which changes when she solves tasks and puzzles or fulfills orders.

And miraculous... miraculous, that's our house-rat.
If you mess up, intentionally or unintentionally, violate rules, put you in a hopeless situation or otherwise, you will get to know him, then you will get a special task together with him.
And because of those duties, he's not very popular either, I'd say..."

Under the armchair you could see a big grin.

Lilly: "You first have to find the academy itself.
She's not really to be missed ... If she shows herself to you ... If you're on certain missions ..."
She grabbed her nose.
"That's all there is to it right now.
I wish you a lot of fun and see you in TRON.
Marlene will be here all evening telling stories and answering all your questions."

Marlene: "Isn't there still something missing?"

Lilly: "What? Ahh. Mh mh. Yes ... Actually, it is."

Lilly looked at Marlene with an acted fearful look.

A dark rumble was heard from outside.
It seemed to come first from one side, then from the other.
It came closer and became louder and suddenly, with an enormous flash and a tremendous crash, the wall collapsed behind the stage, at least it seemed so.
Drawn boulders of stone rolled through the room.
Everything was filled with fog.
Bright light dazzled the audience, nobody could see exactly what was going on.
The owl slowly turned towards the light, the bear continued to sit quietly on the sofa and watched the spectators, there was nothing to see of the rat and Mostafa demonstratively rolled his eyes.
All spectators looked excitedly into the light, where a giant bird shape appeared and slowly became clearer..."

"The Sphinx!" Lilly shouted.

Mostafa grumbled next to her: "She can't come normal once like everyone else.
Not even when the academy's inaugurated.
Such a poop nose."


{{{en/022_2021_Escape from the basement.md}}}

## **2021**** Escape from the basement

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene scared</span> up in bed.
It was 2:30.
Her alarm clock had given a short beep.
She wiped her eyes and opened the zipper of her sleeping bag.
Her first grip was on her two laptops, which she always took with her in her sleeping bag.
That's what her brother had said: always keep tools with you.
She got up, put on a pair of pants and slipped into her sneakers.
Was that a quiet scratch out in the hall? Or is it? There, again, almost inaudible.
She really had to get out of here now, or she'd go crazy.
Marwin always said that the secret services were capable of anything, nothing was sacred to them, not even their own home.
"At some point they will be called to account," Marlene thought, "and if I have to take care of it myself.

She pushed the desk away.
Behind it a radiator appeared, which at first sight looked like a normal radiator.
But he wasn't.
Marwin had put it there to cover a secret passage he had built with a friend the summer before last.
A real underground passage, through the house wall, under the lawn up to a garden house.
Total length about 25 meters.
Maybe we need that once, he told Marlene.
Maybe we need to get out of the house sometime without anyone noticing.
A small lever released a lock, then the heating could be swung away by two hinges.
Marlene looked into the dark corridor, it smelled a little musty, but otherwise looked okay.
Then she picked up some clothes and put them together with a wash bag and her laptops in a backpack.
She disappeared into the corridor and pulled the radiator behind her, which snapped in with a full clack.
Slightly bent, but relatively comfortable, she walked along the corridor and climbed over a small ladder in the garden house.
Then she disappeared over the adjacent cornfield in the darkness.

It ran long, two hours, three hours, towards the city centre, to Jannowitzbrücke and there to c-base, the well-known hacker space.
On her way she followed her brother's camera card as best she could.
On this map most of the surveillance cameras of the city were marked with range and direction.
There were still relatively good ways into the city on foot.
The actions against surveillance cameras in Berlin had had an effect.
Sometimes she had to walk a little strange paths and take care that it didn't look too strange for people she met on the way.

Their goal was a project in the c-base, the so-called Dead Space, which was so shielded that no radio signals could enter or exit from the outside.
At the same time, any foreign electromagnetic radiation was detected by computers, mobile phones and other devices brought along.
The game was to take photos, films or sound recordings inside and bring them out, or to attack one of the computers in the room from outside without the security system noticing.
Whenever the system detected an attempt, a large screen jumped to the ceiling and an animated Guy Fawkes mask dramatically and funny warned of the intruder.
Over time, the attempts had become more and more sophisticated, hackers came from far away to try to trick the system.
Each successful attack led to new countermeasures, so the system became better and better.
In the meantime, you had to put a lot of effort into cutting or smuggling something in.

Marlene has had a voucher for her own computer since a hackathon competition two years ago.
And that's what she wanted to do now.
She wanted to hide in public for at least some time, in places where many people were around her.
She assumed that whatever secret service was after her, he would suspect her hidden somewhere with friends or acquaintances.
They would guard all the places where she had been in recent years, where she had contact that were somehow private.
She now bet everything on this hunch.
Your brother had said that such things should be decided with emotion and sometimes you would have to do things that seem absurd.
She wanted to sleep every day from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. in one of the bunk beds in the basement of the c-base.
The rest of the time she wanted to sit in front of her computer in Dead Space with a poodle cap and work on something ... yes, what on? What would she be working on? "Exactly!" she thought, holding the USB stick in her pocket with her hand.
That's what she wanted to do.
She wanted to take a good look at him now.

It was about 5am when she knocked on a side window at c-base where she saw a group of hackers around some laptops.
One stood up, glanced at her membership card and let her in.
Inside, Marlene dropped onto a sofa and breathed deeply.
One of the boys brought her a mate.


{{{en/023_1913_Threat.md}}}

## **1913** Threat

### SCENE 3
____
After the speech, in the guest room of an economy.
Wilhelm, Hilde, a driver, and Adolf, a party official.

Wilhelm: "Thank you, Hilde! For your lecture earlier.
I really wouldn't have gone on stage otherwise.
Or at least I wouldn't have said what I said.
It was good talking to comrades like that."

Hilde nods.

Wilhelm: "I haven't spoken as clearly for a long time as I do today.
And the comrades have taken it well, I hear.
It's in the world now.
That's good ... and again not ..."

Hilde: "Again not either?"

Wilhelm: "Yes, again not." He closed his eyes.
At that moment a messenger approached from behind and asked with a confidential voice: "Hilde Brandenburg?

Hilde: "That's me."

He handed her a letter and disappeared again.
Hilde opened it hastily and read it.

Hilde: "Oh! Elfi is in distress.
I have to go to Potsdam.
Right away."

Wilhelm: "You can't drive alone.
Not in this position.
It's too dangerous.
And I can't leave now.
"Afterwards are negotiations."

Hilde: "Adolf can accompany me, can't he?"

Wilhelm nodded and Adolf began to pack his things together.
Wilhelm stood up and walked around the table to embrace Hilde.

Wilhelm: "Take care of yourself!"

Hilde: "I will.
It's not a trip around the world.
You take care of yourself!"

Hilde leaves the room with Adolf.

Wilhelm to the driver: "Now we are alone, Alfons.
It can go that fast, can't it?"

The driver does not look at him, but stands up and leaves the room without giving a sign as to why.
At the same moment two middle-aged men in grey suits sit next to and opposite Wilhelm and look at him.

Wilhelm was frightened: "What is this?" He takes turns looking at both of them.
His voice trembles slightly.
The two men look back a little indifferently.

Wilhelm: "What do you want from me?"

After a short while the man sitting opposite him answers: "Nice speech.
Smart thinking.
Pure poison.
It can turn a crowd's head."

Second man with a slightly red face: "You traitor of your country! If it's up to guys like you, no one in Germany will be ready to fight anymore.
And then the Frenchman and the Russian overrun us and it's over with Germany."

First man: "We will prevent that.
Are you maybe even Russian? Or French? Or English?"

Wilhelm clenches a fist under the table: "I am everything together.
I'm human like you are."

The second man snorts off while the first looks at him sternly.

First man: "We're not half-breeds.
And we won't let you betray our Germany.
We are destroying everything that opposes Germany.
We got people everywhere.
All around you.
Your sitting here alone with us is just a sample of what we can do.
Today you will survive.
Maybe not next time."
He snaps his fingers.

The second man looked at him coldly and grinned, "Would be my pleasure."

First man: "It all depends on how you behave in the near future.
The people I work for have little patience.
You're on the fag end.
Think carefully about your next steps."

Then both stand up greetingless and leave the room.

Wilhelm puts his face in his hands.
____


{{{en/024_2021_Night-raid.md}}}

## **2021**** Night raid

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">The bedroom of </span> Marlene's parents was on the first floor of the house.
Both slept deeply when suddenly there was a loud crash on the ground floor and a bright flash of lightning shone through the bedroom window.
Marlene's parents were shocked.
Voices roared in confusion.
Loud trampling in the stairwell, then after a short time a rumble again.
They looked at each other.
The clock showed four o'clock in the morning.

Mother: "For God's sake! What's that?"

She reached for his hand.

Father, excited: "Maybe a task force!
Oh, shit.
I've often thought they'd come for Marwin someday.
Now we have to stay calm.
Thank God he's gone."

Mother: "But Marlene, what about Marlene?"

She wanted to get out of bed.
The father held her back.

Father: "It's okay, it's okay.
Don't worry about it now.
They're looking for Marwin.
They won't hurt her.
She's gonna get a real scare, but we're gonna fix that.
I expected something like this."

"Marlene!" shouted the mother, she tried to get loose, but he held her tight.

Father: "We must not do anything wrong now.
And put your hands up when they come in.
Then nothing happens."
His voice trembled.

The trampling came closer, up the stairs.
The door to the bedroom was blown open with a noise, bright light.
Father and mother both raised their arms.

Father: "Don't shoot! We're unarmed."

The foremost soldier came to them with his gun struck and shouted with an American accent: "Marlene Farras.
Where? Two more tore open the wardrobes in the meantime.
One crawled his head under the bed.

Mother and father looked at each other in surprise.

"Down in the cellar!" the father replied excitedly.

Soldier: "No! She is not in the cellar." He held his gun to his father's head.

Father, hectic: "Then I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know."

The soldier turned around and disappeared into the next room.
The others are after him.
After about ten minutes they left the house.
The team van with which they had come roared away with squeaking tires.

The father jumped to the window and tried to get a look at him.

The mother fell out of her room: Marlene! Marlene!"


{{{en/025_2023_Two years later.md}}}

## **2023** Two years later

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marwin's prison cell was</span> three by two meters tall.
She didn't have a window.
There was only one bed, a bucket and a towel.
Biting stench filled the room.
Marwin lay with closed eyes on the bed.
He didn't know what time of day it was.
It was pitch-black.
But it was almost always pitch-black.

"Shit," Marwin said quietly and straightened up.
He breathed a moment and then shouted at the door, "Hello! I need a new towel!"

No response from outside.
He sank back and quietly said to himself: "I must not fall back into fucking rage again.
It's eating up my brain.
The boys and girls out there are my enemies, fine... but I'm not theirs! Shit." He breathed.
"I'm not hers.
I'm not hers." He stood up again, put his hands on his legs and breathed deeply and slowly.
"Don't fight it!" He pressed his hands on his legs and breathed deeply out and in.
"No opposition," he mumbled again and a tear pressed in his eye.
"I don't want to go crazy." His hands stroked over the back of his head to the spot where a lot of scab had stuck the hair together.

He moaned and bit his lips.
It still hurt like hell.
He didn't even know for sure how it happened.
But it was probably the square stick that stood behind him in the corner during the last interrogation.
He couldn't remember the blow.

What the hell could they still want from him after two years? He was out of his circles, two years without hacks, without communication.
Two years, that's been endless. A shiver came down his spine: "Yeah... and then what if they don't want me anymore?
What then? ...shit."

He breathed deeply and slowly again, rubbing his hands over his legs.
His anger rose again in him.
There was nothing he could do about it.
She got stronger... suddenly he hit his legs with full rage.
At the same moment the door opened with a full clack and the light came on.
Glistening light.
He ripped his hands up to protect his eyes.
Too late. Too late.
He felt that stabbing pain again.
Every time he was without light for a few days and it suddenly got light.
All he thought was, "Shit, assholes like that!"

The last book he had read before his arrest was by Marshall Rosenberg: Nonviolent Communication.
It was about how to solve conflicts by empathizing with other people.
Such an irony of fate: Rosenberg said that you can understand every other person.
About Marwin's age, he had set himself the goal in life of developing so much empathy that he could empathize with Adolf Hitler and understand why he did what he did.
No, that was no irony of fate, that was sheer cynicism of life.
"Rosenberg, Hitler.
What about me?" Marwin thought.
"I fail because of a few American soldiers, quite normal soldiers, who in their spare time certainly barbecue with friends, go to Disneyland with their wife and children and once a year prepare and eat a turkey together with a lot of love..."

He'd like this Marshall Rosenberg here now to ask him: "Hey, Marshall, look, this is how they do this.
It's completely meaningless.
They don't tell me what they want from me for two years, they don't accuse me, they leave me alone in the dark for days and they knock me unconscious with a square wood."

Three soldiers had surrounded the bed by now.
One of them grabbed him by the shoulder: "Up! Someone wants to talk to you."

"No handcuffs, no punch, something's new here," Marwin thought.
He stood up slowly, looked a little shyly into the three faces and then stood up.

Rumms, he got hit in the back on the back.

Soldier: "Up! Hurry, hurry, hurry.
Shower first.
You stink to heaven."


{{{en/026_2021_Beach cafe in Dahab.md}}}

## **2021** Beach cafe in Dahab

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene sat up </span> some seat cushions in a beach café in Dahab, a small tourist nest at the Red Sea.
She leaned back and thought about the journey from Berlin to this place.
It had taken three months.
She had hitchhiked most of the way.
Once she was able to fly in a tiny private plane.
On the journey she wore only hippi clothes.
She smiled at the thought.

On the low table in front of her was a laptop and another on her lap.
She looked out over the sea, at the kite surfers, who were doing their rounds right in front of the café and then behind them at the slightly blurred coastline of Saudi Arabia on the other side of the sea.
She was alone in the café.
Only Achmed, the bartender, was just behind the counter preparing a milkshake.
Achmed was in his mid-twenties, with fluffy black hair and always an inconspicuous smile on his lips.

With some elegant steps he approached Marlene with the milkshake and placed it in front of her on the table.
In the meantime she had sunk back into her laptop and didn't seem to notice it.
He looked at her for a while and then sat next to her, whereupon she turned to him in surprise.
He smiled warmly.

Achmed: "Achmed!" He reached out his hand to her.
She took it a little hesitantly.

Marlene: "Waltraut."

Achmed: "Woldraud?"

Marlene: "Wal-t-rau-t."

He nodded to her nicely.

The bartender pointed to the milkshake: "It's on me!"

"Why?" she asked and looked at him.
He got a little insecure.

Bartender: "You're here for two weeks today.
It's a celebration! And I'm celebrating that after two weeks I finally know your name."

Marlene smiled, "Thank you!"

Achmed: "You are from Germany?"

Marlene looked at him surprised, shrugged her shoulders.
Then she smiled at him and turned back to her laptop.

He sat silently next to her for a while and then said: "Hej, you haven't met anybody here all this time and you've hardly spoken anything except when you want something to drink and something to eat, or to say that no one should bother you."

She looked at him again.

Achmed: "And that's not possible here! This is the Eel Garden Café.
This is where people talk to each other.
It's not good not to talk to each other.
It's not good to be alone.
For example, I'd like to know what you're doing.
You use strange programs.
Just colourful lyrics and stuff.
No movies, no Facebook.
A friend of mine is doing the same thing.
He's a hacker.
Sure you know what hackers are? He's a real hacker!"

Marlene: "Mohammed."

Achmed nodded in surprise.

Marlene: "I'm here because of him.
He told me you were okay.
The best place for me here in Dahab."

Achmed looked at her in amazement: "He, he didn't tell me anything."

Marlene: "I didn't mean it."

Achmed: "Then you are also a hacker?"

Marlene: "A hacker."

Achmed looked at her with her mouth slightly open.
Pling! It sounded from the bar.

Achmed: "Oh, a guest.
I'll be right back.
Stay here!"

Marlene turned back to her laptop.
It was just so exciting.
She had made some big strides in the last few days.
She was able to draw a map of a computer network within the TAO, the elite hacker group in the NSA.
She had added two more computers this morning.
She was there in a very, very central place.
This place was incredibly secure, like Fort Knox.
Nothing could just be smuggled in or out unnoticed.
There had to be something valuable, something they wanted to protect by all means.

Since she was on the run, she got much better access to everything: passwords, keys, programs, successful hacks.
It was incredible.
Help came from everywhere.
There was, in fact, the hidden network of hackers.
She knew that now.
And she also knew that she was known there by now.
She had a good reputation, she was trusted.
And since then she only had to ask questions, and a few hours or days later she had an answer or even a program.
The only thing she hadn't found out yet, but wanted to know, was how her brother Marwin was doing.
All she knew by now was that he was alive, somewhere in the United States.
But the fact that she hadn't found out any more now spurred her on rather than depressing her.
She felt the power of this dark community, people who lived anonymously, who risked their lives for ... yes, for what? For a better, more humane way of dealing with each other, for better cooperation, for less injustice, more openness.
Yeah, for a new way of living together.
And this community was incredibly powerful.

Achmed, the bartender, had liked her from the beginning, but she had decided to keep her distance.
He had nothing to do with any of this, he'd hardly understand.
But Mohammed said that she could trust him with everything, with everything! It was strange that Mohammed said that.
But that meant a lot to her.

She talked to Mohammed several times a day, a lot of personal things.
It was good to talk about feelings, also about Achmed, about his funny black curls and his warm eyes, how insecure he was towards her and how he constantly cheated on guests.
He was best when they realized it.
He always made it out somehow.
And most of them came back after that.

To write Mohammed she used Pond, an email program that was made for Tails.
She didn't have much choice in how to communicate anymore, she was quite high on the worldwide intelligence wanted list.
But Pond trusted her.
As soon as it was started, Pond would send evenly-sized packets of messages to the Tor network at irregular intervals.
Whether she had just written a message or not.
If not, then empty messages were sent.
No one could find out from the outside whether someone was sending something or not, not even to whom or how much.
And in the net the parcels of all Pond users, which could not be distinguished from the outside, rushed all over the place between the gate nodes, it was impossible to assign them to individual Pond users.
A hopeless chaos - from the point of view of secret services.

"Now!" Achmed fell on a pillow next to her.
"Tell.
What do you do? Will you help Mohammed?"

Marlene: "Sometimes."
She smiled at him and thought she liked to talk to Achmed after all.
Her brother had told her that what "they" want, by which he meant mostly the secret services, is that we communicate less with each other, more cautiously or even not at all anymore.
What we want, however, he said, is that we can communicate freely as much as we want.

Marlene: "I program a bit, keep my computer free from intruders and I'm trying to find out which computers are in a certain computer network and what they do.
And maybe how I get in there."

Achmed: "Sounds exciting.
I don't know anything about that.
But I can cook and dive, I was 65 meters deep last week, at night.
That's awesome.
It makes you feel like you're in space.
You float weightless in the darkness.
It's a whole different world down there."

"Pling," it sounded from the bar.

Achmed: "Shit.
Lots going on today.
"Will you program me something?" He jumped up and hurried to the bar.
She smiled after him.


{{{en/027_1915_Fight at the Brandenburg Gate.md}}}

## **1915** Fight at the Brandenburg Gate

### SCENE 4
____
Hilde and Wilhelm in intimate embrace in the middle of the Paradeplatz in front of the Brandenburg Gate.
Around them busy hustle and bustle, wagons, people with posters, flags, clubs, a lot of excitement, screaming.

Adolf approaches Wilhelm from behind and pats him on the shoulder.
After a short time he loosens the embrace and turns to him.

Wilhelm: "Adolf! What is it?"

Adolf: "Here we go."

Wilhelm nodded.
He kissed Hilde on the cheek and they looked once again deep into each other's eyes.
Then he followed Adolf through the densely growing crowd towards a small podium.
Adolf jumped up, took the huge megaphone lying there on a table and started shouting "Heja, heja, heja" loudly.

The crowd slowly turned to him and tuned into the "Heja".
After a while everyone had turned to the podium.
"F R E E I H E I T" Adolf yelled as loud as he could.
"F R E E I H E I T" roared the crowd back.
"F R I E D E N", another powerful echo.
It reverberated from all sides of the square.
"S O Z I A L I S M U S".
All fists went up.
The whole place was a roaring sea of billowing signs, flags and fists.
Wilhelm took the megaphone.

"Comrades!" The crowd kept yelling.
"Comrades! Today is the day..." A man rushed onto the stage, breathless, grabbed Wilhelm by the shoulder, leaned forward panting: "Die, die Deutschnationalen ... dort ..." (The German Nationals ... there ...). He pointed along the long promenade towards Alexanderplatz.
"They're coming!" Wilhelm tried to see something in the distance.
He was frightened, took the megaphone and yelled "SPARTAKISTEN! SPARTAKISTEN! The German nationalists are coming.
Get out your truncheons.
They don't come in peace." With a big gesture he pointed in the direction where a crowd of people could be seen about half a kilometre away.
"They are our enemies! But we're not theirs.
But we have to stop them.
With all our strength.
They want to destroy us.
They won't succeed.
FULL POWER ..."

"BEFORE" the crowd replied.
Billets appeared, flags were rolled up, the crowd began to move.
Wilhelm turned to some men standing around the platform to protect it: "You go too! I can manage here."
____


{{{en/028_2064_Attack!.md}}}

## **2064**** Attack!

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Lasse and Sigur</span> stood in their game room in front of their floating screens.
Everyone held two fist-sized game controllers in his hands, which he moved, pressed and turned in a complicated way.
Both were extremely concentrated and tense.
In a room about two times two times two meters in size in front of the screens an air fight was to be seen, different flying combat robots, which hunted each other and tried to avoid each other.
At the bottom right was a date: 22.
March 2028.

Sigur: "FROM LEFT!"

Lasse: "HINTER DIR!"

Sigur: "Get him off me! GET YOUR WAY..."

Lasse: "Little moment."

Lasse jumped a little to the left, tore up his right arm, shook the controller twice in his left hand and then began to press both controllers wildly.
Shortly thereafter one heard loud explosion noises.

Lasse laughed out loud as he flew through the huge cloud of fire in front of him: "BOOM! He's gone!"

Sigur took a breath: "Thank you.
One more.
We'll do it together.
Come on, we'll fly a wing spiral.
Three, two, one, go..."

The two combat robots of Lasse and Sigur flew up in a loop, distanced themselves from each other, then turned around their own axis and fell together on the enemy combat robot, offset by 90 degrees.
He tried to escape with all sorts of flight manoeuvres.
But Lasse and Sigur were too well-rehearsed a team to leave him a gap.
Sigur sat right behind him.
He missed a few opportunities to shoot, stayed behind until he was so close that his opponent gave up and just flew straight on.
Sigur pressed the buttons on his two controllers once briefly, two Scram rockets fired off and the combat robot in front of him also disappeared in a fireball.

Lasse, Sigur: "YEAH!!" They threw their controllers on the table and slapped each other.

Lasse: "That was awesome! Wow. Wow.
I've never had an air fight like this before.
That was really serious.
I almost started sweating."

Sigur: "They were really good.
They didn't feel like computer players at all.
Well programmed.
Cool.

Lasse: "Maybe they weren't computer players."

Sigur: "Come ... hey ... you think we just brought five real players from heaven? That would be awesome.
No.
Why would they just dare to attack us like that? You must know who we are."

Lasse raised his forehead, "Maybe because there were five of them?"

Sigur smiled: "Okay, let's fly these things home.
It's only 10 minutes today anyway."

In front of her screens, Lilly appeared as a three-dimensional figure about 50 cm tall.
They both stopped breathing.
They looked spellbound at her.

Lilly: "I have a message for you from Marlene.
You must come at once."

Lilly's picture disappeared.
Lasse and Sigur looked at each other stunned.

Lasse: "Why now? What's the matter with you? I don't get it. I don't get it.
All we did was get some flying robots out of the sky." He felt his heartbeat grow stronger.
"What were their signatures like?"

Sigur: "All wrong.
I checked.
Camouflage."

Lasse: "Camouflage, or..."

Sigur: "Let's go.
We don't have much time."

Lasse and Sigur placed themselves in front of their monitors on two equilibrium sensors, square plates about 60 cm in size, with which one could very well walk, sit, jump, turn, run, lie and crouch simulate.
The room darkened.
They took two glass balls about 50 cm in diameter.
They were very light, open at the bottom and had a shoulder pad.
They put them on and both bullets shone in white light.


{{{en/029_2064_A new task.md}}}

## **2064** A new task

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Lasse and Sigur</span> ran up the grass path to a round hut standing on a big rock.
The evening sun completely illuminated the hut.
It consisted of a circle of man-high stones and a shingled wooden roof on wooden stilts.
It was open to the sunny side.
There was a campfire burning in the middle.
Lilly sat in front of the hut on the rock and looked into a vast landscape of fields, gardens, houses and a lake.

Lilly called them both welcome: "Hej, hej, just go inside.
She's waiting."

Lasse and Sigur went left and right past the campfire into the hut.
Inside Marlene waited on a big pillow, in front of her a small table with tea.
She greeted her with a warm smile.

Marlene: "Sit down.
Have some tea."

She watched the two of them pour their tea.
Lasse liked being here in this hut.
She had a special atmosphere.
Maybe it was the big stones, or the beautiful, very asymmetrical wooden roof, maybe it was just Marlene's smile.
He could get quiet inside here.
Sigur was here for the first time.
He didn't really feel well, didn't understand what it was all for and why he should come here.
He would much rather have simply read in the match report what had happened and what the consequences were.
Simple, matter-of-fact, not some fuss around it.
What difference does it make when you sit in such a virtual hut?
More than in the match report could not happen here.

Lasse: "Marlene ..."

She interrupted, "I know, Lasse."

She took a pencil and drew with it on a sheet of paper in front of her a five-star, with a star point open.

Marlene: "Do you know what this is?"

Sigur shrugged his shoulders, "A Five Star."

Marlene pointed to the vacancy.

Lasse: "The sign had the combat robots in front on the top.
But you have to turn it around.
The vacancy must be on top."

Marlene nodded: "Exactly! That's the Sorat Rangers' sign.
There's always five."

Lasse: "The Sorat Rangers!
Five.
Are you saying that that was the Sorat Rangers? Fuck.
No. No.

Sigur: "No.
No way. No way.
They weren't."

Marlene grabbed her nose and said, "Why not?"

Sigur: "The Sorat Rangers are an elite unit of the CIA, they are _the_ elite combat robot unit of the CIA.
They come when there's something big going on.
And when they come, they clean up.
They have an efficiency of 100%.
All missions successfully completed, never lost a robot.
We don't just take them from heaven without preparation.
They're the best of the best.
We would need twenty flying combat robots, and then well programmed formations, a good tactic.
But not me and Lasse just like that, from a standing start.
Forget it, man.
OSIRIS is realistic."

Marlene: "If the Sorat Rangers were what they're supposed to be, you'd be right.
Then that would probably have ended badly for you.
But you're not.
I'm sorry you fell for the CIA intimidation propaganda.
The Sorat Rangers are a group responsible for assassinations, not for real ones.
They do not have to be the best of the best to always be successful, because their orders are all placed.
They are good pilots, but not absolute elite.
That's how it is in OSIRIS, and it really was."

Lasse: "In reality? You were real? It was real?"

Marlene nodded: "Mhmh.
And when you caught them today, the formation was on its way to a mission that actually took place in 2027.
A meeting of presidents and army leaders of the Middle East, in Khandahar.
At that moment, they were being attacked by other combat robots, by Russian ones, but in reality they were also attacked by the CIA, or the CIA.
a friendly intelligence agency.
It was probably the Mossad.
We don't know for sure.
Anyway, it's gonna go really bad.
In OSIRIS and also in reality.
Because the Five Star isn't coming.
They'll be shot down shortly before that.
A few minutes earlier.
We don't know why it really was like that... in OSIRIS we do.
In OSIRIS, you were.
What is happening right now is that due to some misunderstandings in the control center and two wrong commands the whole assembly is bombed into the air.
Everything will be razed to the ground.
There were 122 deaths.
Seven of them presidents."

Lasse: "The Middle East War! Then came the Middle East War!"

Sigur: "With the atomic bomb on Salina.
Shit."

Marlene: "Not yet.
Something's missing."

Lasse and Sigur looked at Marlene.

Marlene: "The masterminds of this sham attack must not remain hidden.
It has to be clear that all this was fake and went in the pants.
Then, then the war comes.
Or something else will come.
And you shall..."

Lasse: "...we are to uncover this.
We're supposed to find out who did this at the CIA."

Sigur: "What else would come if it weren't for the Middle East War?"

Marlene: "No, not in the CIA.
There's a previously unknown intelligence agency in the United States responsible for this.
The CIA is just a cover in this case.
The Sorat Rangers are flying for unknown intelligence.
And you have to find him.
That's the job.
Go to that conference in Caracas in three days and meet a Frederick Peterson at that exact time in that place.
Then you'll have a chance."

She gave Lasse a note.

Lasse looked at her: "Venezuela?"

Sigur: "And if it comes differently? Then won't the atomic bomb be dropped?"

Marlene: "I know what you're thinking:
You should ensure that there is a war in which a nuclear bomb is detonated and many people die.
You don't have to do this.
You have to think for yourself and decide what you think is right.
I'm just saying find out and make it known that there's this as yet unknown secret service.
And how he works."

Lilly stood in the entrance and gave Marlene a sign.

Marlene: "Okay.
I gotta go. I gotta go.
Good luck to you, cypher punks."

She got up and went out.
Lasse followed her after a short time.

"I'm not a cypher punk," Sigur mumbled and trotted out of the hut behind Lasse.


{{{en/030_2064_The Command Center.md}}}

## **2064** The Command Center

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene ran down the rock with Lilly</span>. At the dark green hyper-door, which stood at the foot of the rock, they passed by. Lasse and Sigur disappeared behind them with a slight blue twitch of light.

Marlene: "What's up? Why did you come for me?"

Lilly: "One of the ravens came flying in and said that there was a problem at the KCT and you were needed. That is as sweet as the ravens land in front of you, bow down and then wait until you have full consciousness with them."

Marlene: "A raven lands before you?"
She shook her head.
Then I guess you're part of the game management now.
They've accepted you.
"Pretty fast."

Lilly: "What's the KCT?"

Marlene: "The Command Center Taurus.
But that's not for you yet."

Lilly got shiny eyes and looked at Marlene.

Marlene: "No! No. No ...
You're 12.
You can't do that.
This is serious.
It's not part of the game anymore.
It's part of the defense.
The real defense."

Lilly didn't take her eyes from Marlene.
Lilly: "I know. Taurus, the conspiracy, Saruman."

Marlene looked at her in amazement: "How do you know?"

Lilly: "You write about it in your biography."

Marlene: "That is not a word about a conspiracy and not a word about Saruman and not a word about Taurus.
That's just a description of what could happen if there were hackers trying to invade."

Lilly looked at Marlene from the corner of her eye: "Come. It was obvious that it wasn't just theory.
That was way too concrete.
I understood that the first time I read it.
And I found the rest in the archive of your biography."

Marlene: "You hacked my archive? Fuck."

Lilly looked down briefly: "Did I do something bad?
That wasn't soooo well protected.
If you really wanted no one to get this, then..."

Marlene: "...it was a private archive, not a vulnerability database..."

Lilly: "Information that is for everyone."

Marlene: "For all adults!"

They looked each other in the eye.

Marlene looked down briefly and then nodded: "Good.
Okay. Okay.
You came in on your own, you didn't see any personal information.
It's okay.
Did any of that mess with your head?
Do you have any questions about what you saw there?"

Lilly got her glowing eyes again: "Thousands."
She smiled carefully.

Marlene: "Lilly! I'm serious about this.
There are things that can be disturbing.
Some people have nightmares about it."

Lilly: "I want to know.
I'm serious.
I know the Academy is under constant attack."

Marlene stroked her hand over her mouth and closed her eyes.
She stood with her eyes closed for a while, opened her again and looked at Lilly seriously:
"Well, then come on to the KCT."

Lilly lifted her arms: "Yep!"

Marlene touched the amulet hanging around her neck, muttered something and then clearly said, "Promote Lilly Browdowin to apprentice defence admin."

A red hyper-door appeared to Lilly's right.
She got scared easily.

Lilly: "Wow! So, quick. No fairy for feedback?"

Marlene: "Old Linux rule: No news is good news. If it works, there's no message.
Welcome to the defense of the Academy!"

Lilly breathed deeply: "Wow!"

Marlene pointed to the door and Lilly walked through.
Marlene followed her.
s


{{{en/031_2023_Home.md}}}

## **2023** Home?

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marwin sat in</span> a windowless meeting room at a table.
Opposite him sat a man and a woman in business clothes.
Two soldiers stood in the two corners behind him, another with his legs apart, with his arms crossed in front of the door.

"Marwin Farras!" She nodded to him nicely.

Marwin was speechless.
He hadn't heard his name in two years.
And now here.
He shook his head.
Shake again, then nodded.

Frau: "What now? Are you Marwin Farras?"

Marwin: "Yes, I am." or "Did you finally find my file card after two years?" In the past, that would have been irresistible to him.
Now it didn't fit him anymore.
He had lost the taste for such humor.
He looked at them both and tried as hard as he could to understand why they had come here and wanted to ask him questions.
They really seemed to want something.
That was new.
A lot of it was new today.

Frau: "How are your health?"

Marwin turned his head and pointed to the spot with the blood crust.
Then he pushed his lower lip down and showed a gap with three missing teeth.

Marwin: "Knocked out." He looked at her a little away.

The woman moaned quietly, "Can you walk?"

Marwin: "Running, sitting, peeing, jumping, standing on one leg.
I haven't tried dancing in a long time.
Scream! May I, please? Why am I being held here? What do you want from me?"

Mann: "We want to determine her state of health in order to prepare a possible release."

Marwin turned to him and looked at him in astonishment.
That's the last thing that would make sense to him.
Release him? With everything he'd experienced here? With all the contacts he had in the past, who still trusted him, and whom he has learned some new things about the reality of 21st century hacker prosecution, he has been able to make a lot of progress.
I could tell you about in the middle of the 20th century.
Including torture.
No! That was the last thing they could want.
A trick? I might.
No, I guess not.
He decided not to say anything.

Man: "You want to get out of here? Do you want to go home?"

Marwin looked at the man absently and remained silent.
"Home ... to Marlene ... to her parents ... to Berlin," he thought.
A tear was squeezing out from within and began to fill the right eyelid.
"Don't let on".
He folded his hands in front of him on the table and closed his eyes.

Frau: "We know you've had some bad experiences.
But it can be over now.
I read her file.
I know what you've been through.
Light deprivation, sleep deprivation, unfair beating, standing naked in the cold in the mud.
You had pneumonia." Marwin opened his eyes and looked at her.
She continued, "Wrong news: Arrest and death of her sister..."

"Mari!" it burst out of him.
He looked the woman in the eye.
He looked again.
"The message wasn't real at all! He trusted her.
It was a lie," he thought.
"Shit, I didn't think the message could be wrong." He was looking wild.
"Marlene's not dead?" he asked the woman quietly.
His heart started beating.
How could he believe that? Why on earth would he believe those assholes? What's the matter with you? He jumped up, tore at the handcuffs, which clashed like in a medieval dungeon dungeon dungeon.
Then he screamed as loud as he could: "Pigs! Bastards! Assholes!" The two men behind him grabbed him and pushed him onto the table.
One of them pulled out a black tape with one movement of his hand and tore off a piece.
The other, meanwhile, was holding Marvin's head ready.

Woman: "Stop! Stop! Stop! No tape.
Nobody dies when he screams.
Go back to your corners!"

Marwin was crying on the table.
He whimpered, "Pigs, pigs, pigs."

The man and woman looked at Marwin for a while as he lay with his hands over his head on the table, and then looked at each other.
The man shrugged his shoulders, reached for his folder on the table and wanted to get up.
The woman held him by the arm.

Woman: "Hold on."

He sat down again.

After a while Marwin looked up and wiped the tears from her eyes.
The woman slipped him a pack of paper tissues.
He ignored her.

Marwin looked at her and said, "Where's Marlene?"

The woman looked down briefly: "I know that this is infinitely difficult to bear.
But we've got to get through this now.
Mistakes have happened.
Bad mistake.
There will be an investigation..."

Marwin interrupted: "Where one never learns what came out of it, who did what, why, and why he or she should no longer do that."

Frau: "There will be an investigation.
I know the United States law enforcement system is far from perfect.
But it's the best we got.
And we've corrected a lot of mistakes.
Today we may be able to correct another one."

In Marwin, rage rose again, infinite rage.
But this time he could hold her.
She didn't overpower him.
Marlene was alive.
It gave him new strength.
After asking where Marlene was, he had seen in the woman's eyes that she knew her and perhaps even knew where she was.
"God!" a thought ran through him.
He stopped breathing.
"They want Mari.
And they need me for that... No! No.
No, they won't get that.
I'd rather die.
I'm staying here! If Mari has made it so far, then she has ploughed through the world, then in some places there is no stone left as it was."
He knew her well.
He smiled a little and thought, "You've been messing with Mari ... now you'll just have to see how you get out."


{{{en/032_2021_The Boatly Hackerspace.md}}}

## **2021** The Boatly Hackerspace

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Achmed came into the café from </span> the beach side and sneaked up on Marlene from behind.
He grabbed her by both shoulders and kissed her on the cheek.
Marlene turned around in horror, but smiled when she saw Achmed.
They kissed.
Achmed jumped over the pillows that Marlene leaned against and landed next to her with a broad, warm smile.
His eyes sparkled.
He took her hand.

Achmed: "You are so beautiful, I cannot believe it.
I could just look at you all the time.
Come on. I have something to show you.
Really great.
It's a surprise.
We'll have to dive a little for that.
Have you ever dived before?"

Marlene looked skeptically: "Yes.
But only with snorkel, no bottle."

Achmed: "It doesn't matter.
It's not that deep and I'm the best instructor on the beach."

Marlene: "I can't go diving now."

Achmed: "Come.
You'll love it.
I'm sure it is.
Mohammed also thinks you'll like it."

Marlene says, "Okay.
Did he say that? ...then, good." She hesitated again.
"No, I can't."

Achmed raised his index finger: "Ah, sure.
I know."

He jumped up behind the bar and came back with a black rubber briefcase.

Achmed: "Here for your laptops.
It's waterproof.
"You can take them with you."

Marlene looked at him in amazement, took the suitcase and in fact, it was big enough for both laptops.

Achmed: "I can strap him on.
It's better if you don't have that much weight on you the first time.
Wait here, I'll be right back."

He jumped up and came back minutes later fully loaded with diving equipment.


They put on their equipment and went to the beach, where a small fishing boat with an outboard engine lay.
Marlene got into the boat, Achmed pushed it out and jumped in.
He started the engine and the boat made a set forward.
Marlene, who had not yet sat down properly, lost her balance and fell on Achmed's lap.
He put his arm around her.

Achmed grinned: "This is my specialty! I've practiced for this for a long time." Both smiled and kissed.
Achmed stepped on the gas.

"So beautiful!" Marlene thought, leaning against the chair, let the wind blow through her hair.
"It could always be that way."

About 500 meters further Achmed stopped the boat.
He got up and looked into the water, he seemed to be looking for something.
He looked back at the beach, which was still good to see.
Then he seemed to discover something and threw the anchor.

Achmed: "We can go in here.
There, strap on the oxygen bottle, put on your glasses and then, look, here, you let yourself fall in here so backwards, then nothing happens."

Both took their bottles, put on their glasses and Marlene let herself fall into the water.
Achmed jumped after him.
Under water he gave her sign to follow him.
It went deeper and also quite a way away from the boat.
They swam for about five minutes before Achmed dived down into a gorge and a grey metallic something emerged from the shadow.

"What's that? So big! Big time.
Probably 30 metres long," Marlene thought.
"Hmm? A ship? Yes, a ship." It lay a little tilted at the lower edge of the gorge at a depth of about 20 meters and was apparently still quite completely preserved.
But old, very old.
Mohammed was tampering with a rotating wheel on a metal door and after a few attempts it opened.
He gave Marlene a sign to follow him and disappeared into it.
Inside was a corridor leading up to a staircase.
They swam down, again a passage, once on the right and then a small metal ladder up again through a hatch.
And behind it, it was different, strange light.
Achmed swam up and his head disappeared.
You chase them and: Air.
A water surface and air.
In a pretty big room.
They took off their diving masks.

Marlene: "Wow! It's a thing.
Where does the air come from? This is good air."

Achmed: "From the beach.
We've laid a hose so you can't see anything on the surface of the water." He formed a circle with his thumb and index finger.
"So fat.
We pump air through there now and then.
And look there!" He pointed to the end of the room: "There was a table, a bench, chairs, a refrigerator, a lamp on a large grid pedestal, completely outside the water, and further back, a bed.
There was a sign to the right of the ladder that led out of the water:

"Dahab Boatly Hackerspace"

Marlene laughed out loud: "How awesome!" She swam there and climbed out of the water.

Marlene: "Geil! A hacker's space! But then there must also be Internet here..."

Achmed: "Sure.
1 Gigabit Internet.
Not quickly, but at least" He pointed to a cable dangling from the ceiling.
"And light!" He turned on the light.

Marlene took off her diving gear and sat on the bench.


Marlene: "How awesome! I want to stay here."

Achmed: "Sure, you can.
This is for you now."

Marlene: "I'm serious.
That's just the thing right now.
I'm on something I'd love to do from here right now."

Achmed: "I know." He smiled.

Marlene looked at him questioningly.

Achmed: "I don't know much.
Mohammed said take Marlene to Boatly.
She'll like it, and she'll want to stay.
And when Mohammed says that, it's true.
And I'll bring you some food.
Just like the day before yesterday.
Then you can stay all here."

Marlene: "Wow.
"This is a five-star restaurant, too."

She unpacked one of the laptops and plugged in power and network cables.


{{{en/033_2021_Where is Marlene Farras.md}}}

## **2021** Where is Marlene Farras?

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">In the headquarters of the CIA</span> in Langley/Virginia/USA, a spacious office with a wide window front.
A woman and two men in business attire sit opposite each other at the oval conference table.
In the middle a coffee service, biscuits, a metal can for mobile phones.

Woman: "Dahab and Hurghada! Egypt."

First man: "Is the information good?"

Frau: "Definitely.
The audio scanners have struck.
We have her voice from a smartphone in Dahab and from one in Hurghada, each less than 10 meters away.
"Only these two times, though, but without a doubt."

Second man dissatisfied: "Only two records?"

Woman: "We know she's there."

First man: "Is there any video?" He was holding a pot against the woman.
"Coffee?"

Woman: "Thank you.
No.
She's careful.
We looked through the local surveillance cameras and the smartphone cameras plus minus two hours and half a mile around.
There was nothing."

Second man: "Not even something suspicious?
A woman in a burka, alone, with a western walk?"

Woman: "Nothing useful.
There's gate and I2P traffic at both locations.
But not much more than usual.
And nothing that could be assigned."

Second man: "She doesn't go into the goal net the usual way.
You won't get them there.
That's all you got? That's it? What about Jabber? Ricochet? Pond? Tor Hidden Services?"

Woman: "Jabber doesn't make them.
We don't have a clue to Hidden Services and we don't know Ricochet and Pond.
They're problematic."

Second man laughs out loud: "You're NSA! After so many years, you can't get into programs written by a school dropout and a Google programmer in their spare time? Why didn't you turn them off long ago?"

The woman closed her eyes and struggled with her anger: "Can we please remain objective? Ricochet and Pond run scattered in the goal net.
Ricochet has no central server at all and Pond's servers are decentralised.
When we shut down a server, for example Langley's, we get a WikiLeaks effect: then three new servers pop up somewhere else.
Any popular computer science student can set up a Pond server in 20 minutes.

First man: "And Tor himself? You could turn it off, or at least interrupt it."

The woman moaned, "We can't shut down Tor.
Not for the foreseeable future.
There's too much hanging on."

Second man: "You've lost RAPTOR, you've got hackers in your field communication, so Tor is the safest thing you've got out in the field! You need it yourself.
You got nothing better.
That's the truth of the matter.
And that's shit! This is embarrassing! The NSA needs an open source program."

First man: "Hello, stop! This isn't about us blaming each other.
We're hunting terrorists.
Together!

Second man angry, getting louder: "I need good information for my work! My mission is to catch Marlene Farras, and I won't let any farting beginners stop me.
Not even when they work at NSA."

Frau: "No clear names!"

The second man stood up, full of rage: "I've had enough of this couching.
We'll meet here in person at CIA headquarters! E-mail, phone is too insecure for you.
My smartphone is in a tin box, I'm not supposed to use clear names.
And I'm fucking at the headquarters of the most powerful intelligence agency in the United States.
Who are we afraid of? A bunch of teenage boys and girls in sloppy sweaters.
We here at the CIA are at the front, we don't rummage around in any nets and push bits from one corner to the other.
We do the real work, the dirty work.
When I tell a CIA field officer to put his smartphone in a tin can, he throws it on the floor and kicks it.
And then he tells me he needs a better one."

The first man grabbed him by the arm, but he got loose.

Second man: "I've really had enough of the pill pill pill we're having here.
I'm about to call Academi.
And they won't list all my problems for half an hour."

"Academi is a mercenary company, not an intelligence agency.
They're sending combat troops, special forces.
You can send them when we know exactly where she is."

Second man: "Nah, nah.
You're wrong about that.
They're also taking search orders now.
They've got their own hackers now.
They can't always wait to get good information from somewhere.
If I tell them Marlene Farras is in Hurghada or Dahab, it won't take two days and they'll have them."

First man: "And then she's dead, and some other people with her.
We don't use Academi for hackers! They cause too many problems.
Too unclean.
The situation's heated up enough."

The second man made a movement to respond, but then leaned back in his armchair, pinched his lips together and folded his arms.

Frau: "I think that's it for today.
I'd also rather we had more.
The XKeyScore code for the relevant data is here." She pushed two handwritten notes over to the two of them.


{{{en/034_2023_I want to stay here.md}}}

## **2023** I want to stay here

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">The woman looked </span> at Marwin with confidence: "We want to make you an offer you can't resist."

Marwin didn't pull a face.

Frau: "You can get out of here today and fly to Berlin.
With official entry permit from Germany.
You get €50 000 in cash for a fresh start and no restrictions on your Internet activities."

Man: "And that's very unusual.
Normally that would mean: "No Internet for at least five years."

Marwin moaned slightly.

Frau: "And safety from prosecution by German criminal authorities.
Full amnesty.
You'll get a fresh start.
You can live a normal life, start over."

Marwin looked at her for a while and said, "And what do I have to do?"

The woman inhaled: "Not much.
We're doing a joint story on what happened in those two years.
Wait a minute! Wait a minute! Don't refuse immediately.
We can't just let you out of here like this.
That wouldn't work.
Even if I just wanted to let you go, I couldn't do that.
There are very, very powerful people out there who are watching exactly what is happening here, and they have already made an unusually large number of concessions.
Otherwise, you and I wouldn't be sitting here.
We have to give them a little.
The world isn't perfect.
I think you're innocent.
You have nothing to do with what you were arrested for.
I would release you directly.
But that's not the reality."

Man in slightly threatening tone: "If you don't cooperate with us, others will come and talk to you who want other things.
Or nobody anymore.
That's not in our power.
We're here now.
This will open the window for some options.
But not for long either."

Marwin to the woman: "Why do you come now? And don't give me that shit.
Something's happened.
That's why you're here.
You're expecting benefits from letting me out.
What's that?"

Man impatient: "You get a chance.
We really don't have much time.
If we both leave here with no result, maybe we won't come back..."

The woman interrupted him: "Wait.
Mr. Farras, you're right.
I understand you think it's a trap after everything you've been through.
But it's not.
And there's actually a trigger for this conversation.
But again, I can't tell you everything, I can't.
As much as I wanted to.
Just this much: There was a rethink at the highest level, in the government, with the president, regarding everything that has to do with surveillance.
They're talking about dissolving the NSA." She looked at him insistently.
Marwin looked back slightly absent.

Frau: "You can imagine that there is a lot going on in our country.
And in the course of that, prisoners are also released.
Especially the innocent." She lowered her eyes to the table.

Marwin: "Where's Marlene?" He looked at the woman insistently.
She was slightly startled, looked at Marwin, but quickly touched herself again: "She is well, as far as I know.
She's free."

Marwin crossed his arms: "I want to stay here."

The man moaned.
He reached for his bag.
The woman looked at him.

Frau: "I don't believe you."

Marwin: "You're lying to me.
They just got scared at my question and didn't answer it.
I want to stay here!" His voice vibrated slightly.

The man grabbed the woman by the arm: "Come! I told you it was no use.
He's resistant to reason.
We'll tell them to send in the others.
Meanwhile, we'll continue with Sudo."

"Sudo's here!" Marwin was aghast, but then he immediately rebuffed.
"Doesn't interest me, doesn't interest me." The man had already started to say something.

Marwin: "I don't want to know anything about Sudo."

Man: "Sudo lost one leg."

Marwin froze.
"Fucking manipulations," he thought.
"How am I supposed to get that out of my head now: Sudo hasn't lost a leg.
Sudo hasn't lost a leg.
Sudo hasn't lost a leg." He laid his head on the table and buried it under his hands.
The man and the woman looked at him.
After a while he straightened up, looked into the room apathetically and started humming quietly "Allways on the bright side of life".

The man grabbed his folder and left the room.
The woman looked at the table in front of her for a while, then at Marwin again, and then followed him.


{{{en/035_2021_The vulnerabilities database.md}}}

## **2021** The vulnerability database

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene sat concentrated</span> bent over her laptop.
Another one stood next to it, unfolded.
On the other side a bowl with apples and oranges, a plate with nuts, an open Mate bottle.

"Pling," it came from her computer.
The chat program opened.

Marlene exclaimed, "Muhammad!"

Mohammed: "Hi Marlene! What's the situation at Boatly? Any enemies nearby?"

Marlene: "Plenty.
But only on the Internet, not yet in the boat.
:)“

Mohammed: "It's getting serious.
The boys and girls are gathering."

Marlene: "I'm excited.
How many?"

Mohammend: "34 have confirmed."

Marlene: "34!!! Wow. Wow.
Awesome!
Shit.
I'm not gonna screw this up.
Not this time.
For Marwin!"

Mohammed: "For Marwin! ... No, for all of us.
We need that thing, Mari.
Since you came up with the idea, it has become stronger and stronger for me that we can't get any further without it.
I want it.
And all the others, too.
That's why 34 come! Julian and Kim are in, too."

Marlene: "Julian and Kim! Wow. Wow.
A dream team.
But I thought they wouldn't miss it."

Mohammed: "Are you done?"

Marlene: "Ready."

Mohammed: "Good.
The whole thing will start in about 15 minutes.
We go simultaneously to 23 institutions, all high security: banks, military, secret services, oil companies, the German government headquarters.
We're going to make hell for 15 more minutes.
All relevant people at the TAO will be looking everywhere.
You'll be busy.
You can count on that.
This is gonna be a riot :-)
Exactly 5 minutes after the start you go in and then after exactly 10 minutes you go out again.
We'll just be a few more minutes.
Just to be safe."

Marlene: "Then I'll go out again." She placed a digital alarm clock right next to her laptop.

Mohammed: "Okay.
Then I say: GO! 15 minutes, from now on."

Marlene's heart was racing.
She breathed in and out hard.
Put her hands on the keys.
Let the individual steps once again run through her thoughts.
She heard a noise.

"What was that?" she thought.

A bubbling, squeaky noise from the water.
Somebody opened the door.
She breathed briefly and went through the footsteps.
Every one of them.
A diving mask appeared on the surface of the water.
She looked, and then back at her laptop.

"Puhhh.
Achmed," she thought.
"Thank God."

Achmed got out of the water and took off his mask.

Achmed loudly: "Hi Marlene! Long time no see..." He grinned at both ears.
"Look what I got here." He presented a large warming pot.
"Chicken flambe, with a special coconut sauce."

Marlene didn't react.
Achmed put the pot carefully on the ground, went to her and looked over her back.

Achmed: "Oh, a hack! Then I won't disturb you." He sat across the table, pulled out a crumpled paperback and laid it in front of him.
He looked at Marlene, a little dreamy, and then shook his head in disbelief and admiration: "Such a woman," he thought, "such a luck that I met her."

Marlene's gaze became more focused.
Suddenly her hands started moving.
Fast, incredibly fast.
Achmed was always amazed about it.
And this time it didn't stop.
What did she do? He didn't dare get up.
Marlene switched to the other laptop.
Then back again.
Short break.
Another thunderstorm of keys.
It really sounded a little like hail.

Marlene wiped a bead of sweat off her forehead.
She was inside! In the heart of the TAO, where the vulnerability database was.
The complete database.
She was lying in front of her and no one was there but her.
The others must have been doing a lot of work right now.
She was alone with the database, 12 networked computers.
Seven minutes and 30 seconds were left.
And their calculations were correct.
The backup file was almost ready.
Every day around this time, this backup was automatically created and then sent to another high-security area.
She wanted to wait for the moment when it was finished and lay there quietly for a few seconds.
Then make a copy, cover the tracks and get out again.
There! The file was ready.
She typed:


<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
cp 2021_09_12_1403_ebup.gz /tmp1
</div>
The command made a copy of the file.
But it was still on the same computer in the high-security area.
It took endless seconds.
A terabyte of data, descriptions, programs, application examples, computer maps, password files, a huge key file.
Everything was scurrying in those seconds through the inside of the computers in the heart of the TAO, somewhere in America.
And Marlene was sitting in her underwater hideout in the Red Sea.

"Ready!" she shouted out loud.
Achmed looked at her in astonishment.
She didn't respond to him.

"Let's get out of here," she thought.
The chat window plingte.

Mohammed: "Mari! Watch your step! A traffic block is still active, and it's about to close."

Traffic blocks were designed to disable data lines when more data flowed than usual.
And that was the case now.
Marlene thought she had disabled them all, but apparently there was one left.

Marlene: "How much?"

Mohammed: "5 maybe 6 megabytes."

Marlene: "Shiiiit.
I need a terabayte, a million megabytes.
I have the file here.
Give me room.
Can't you turn the lock off?"

Mohammed: "No chance.
I've tried everything."

Marlene: "Do it! Mohammed.
Magic! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! …“

Mohammed: "I can't.
I can't reach it."

"Yes, you can!" Marlene scurried desperation over her face: "Marwin! Where's Marwin?
I need some help.
Marwin!!!"

A tear came out of her eye.

She wrote, "Muhammad!!
I've got everything here.
Come on.
We're not giving up now.
I want this thing out of here.
Such a fat monster.
A terabyte."

Mohammed: "It doesn't work.
I don't have an idea anymore.
Three minutes to go.
Shit."

Marlene's eyes were filled with tears.
She wiped it off.
Closed his eyes.
Thought about it.
Then she bit her teeth together and started drumming on the keyboard with her fingers again.
She now changes laptops every ten seconds.
From the corner of her eye she saw that Mohammed had written something, she ignored it.
"We need an airlift," she said out loud to herself.
"Yes! Now I know.
QR codes.
Where's the program?" She drummed into the laptops for a while and then sank back into her chair.
Achmed slipped beside her and put his arm around her shoulder.

Achmed: "Hello! Did you get it?"

"No!" sobbed Marlene.
"No, I don't have it.
Shit."

She hit her legs with all her might.

Marlene: "Almost.
I had it in my hand.
We almost had her."

Achmed embraced her deeply.
You sat like that for a while.

Achmed asked carefully: "QR codes? Airlift?"

Marlene waved: "Yes, I hid the file and installed a program to display it on the screen in QR codes.
Then you could get it out if you placed a QR code scanner on the other side of the screen and the screen was on."

Achmed: "This is a plan!"

Marlene looked at him helplessly: "But there is no QR code scanner on the other side where the computer is.
And if someone were there, who would start the program?
This is an NSA high-security data center.
And after what happened, we can't get in now."

Achmed: "You can do it! I know that. I know that.
You can do anything you want.
Let's eat something good first."

Marlene shook her head and leaned against his shoulder:
"I'm not hungry."

She stood up and sat down on the floor opposite the wall.


{{{en/036_1915_After the bomb.md}}}

## **1915**** After the bomb

### SCENE 5: Brandenburg Gate, after a bomb explosion
____
Dense smoke over the square, bleeding human bodies lying around, boulders, wooden parts.
People are wandering across the square.
Some bleeding, distraught, deaf.

Hilde walks excitedly towards the place where Wilhelm talked to the people half an hour ago.
The lectern's gone.
In the hustle and bustle around the spot she sees Adolf kneeling and bending over an unconscious woman, desperately trying to squeeze a piece of cloth off a wound in her belly.

Hilde: "Adolf!" She runs to him, looks at the woman, then at him again: "Adolf! Hej!" Adolf looks at her hectically: "We need paramedics."

Hilde: "Come on, let me do it.
I need your knife and that shear over there."
She's pointing to the stage.
Adolf jumps up and returns a few moments later with the string.
Hilde has cut the woman's clothes open in the meantime and is now cleaning the wound with her own cloth.
She's bleeding badly.
With the rope she ties the woman's arm, which is also injured.
Then she presses the cloth onto her stomach.
"There's something else in there.
She has to go to the hospital.
Go get a medic." Adolf disappears in the crowd.
Marlene tests the woman's breath with her ear on her mouth.
She's scared.
With one arm she pulls a man who is working his way past her towards her, presses the cloth into his hand and instructs him to press it onto the wound.
Then she starts to push with both hands strongly against the chest.
Three, four times, then she hears on her chest again.
Three more times, four more times.
Listen.
Over and over again.
Time passes.
Where was Adolf? After endless minutes, he comes.
A paramedic in tow.
He kneels right next to the woman.
Feel your pulse and check your breath.

Paramedic: "How long?"

Hilde: "5 to 6 minutes"

The paramedic gets up, "She's dead." He turns around and disappears into the crowd.

Hilde looks at Adolf and says, "Do you know where he is?" Adolf looks distraught at the woman, then at Hilde, then again at the woman.

Hilde: "Adolf! Wilhelm.
Do you know where Wilhelm is?"

Adolf confuses: "I don't know.
Where? Where? Wilhelm?
The woman's dead.
Wilhelm?
He went over there."
He points his arm across the square.

Hilde takes Adolf in her arms and pushes him.
After a while, she sets off and goes in the direction he pointed.
Adolf sits next to the dead woman, bends forward and puts his face in his hands.

"Sure!" calls Hilde after the first steps and slightly changed her direction.
She hurries across the square to a Renaissance building, in front of which there is a public telephone booth.
There she finds Wilhelm, telephone receiver in his hand, his coat hanging over his shoulder, gesticulating wildly.

"Thank God!" Hilde breathes a sigh of relief.
She goes to him and lays her hand on his back.
He looks briefly over her shoulder, smiles at her and turns back to the phone.

Wilhelm yells: "We need more ambulances! Professor! There's probably 50 people left unattended to here, in my field of vision alone.
--- ?Brandenburg Gate.?
West side.
--- ?Send what you have.?

He slams the receiver on the fork and turns to Hilde.
They're hugging.
But Hilde suddenly unlocks and grabs his arm.

Hilde: "You're hurt!" She touches his bloody bandage on his right upper arm.
A little blood had flowed from it towards the elbow.

Wilhelm: "Yes.
Knife thrust."

Hilde: "What?" She looks at him in disbelief.

Wilhelm: "Yes, the cowards came shortly after the bomb and wanted to get me.
But, PA, there were three Spartacists around the stage.
And that was enough.
For seven attackers.
One is dead."

Hilde embraced Wilhelm firmly.
"You have to be careful.
They want you.
You'll need a Spartacist Association just for yourself from now on.
And here you stand alone now...
You can't do that anymore! You can't do that anymore! Let's go somewhere safe."

Wilhelm: "No, it's not dangerous anymore.
You don't do anything spontaneous.
They plan such things, they carry out orders, they obey their superiors.
And the superiors aren't here.
Nothing of what's happening right now is planned.
And they can't handle it.
But when it comes to speeches, marches, meetings, negotiations, from now on we have to be careful.
You, too! Your work in the orphanages, the soup kitchens, the worker schools, creates awareness among the people.
People like you.
They're after those who think for themselves, who don't want to subordinate themselves.
"Behind those who love the truth."

Hilde: "Come, Wilhelm. I don't want to stay here right now. We're going home. There's a meeting tonight, so you can talk what you want to do with it."
____


{{{en/037_2021_Surprising message.md}}}

## **2021** Surprising message

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Mariane sat alone</span> in front of her laptop, next to her a plate of chicken and rice.
She ate with one hand and typed into her laptop with the other.
She was in a chat with a group of hackers.

Torrorist: "That was a show! Have you read Marlene's logs? Horny thing."

Mohammed: "Yes, especially the QR thing, the idea of creating data with a QR film, that's great.
7 hours 53 minutes would take the TAO computer on which the file is stored to display the terabyte as a QR movie on the screen.
But what do you take for the other side? A good camera, small, with battery, more than 1TB memory, fast enough?"

Totaot: "A normal Raspberry Pi is enough full.
I'll write you the program to convert the QR film into data in half an hour.
You always have the same perspective on the QR code.
It'll go really fast.
"A USB flash drive with two terabytes in, HD camera, normal battery pack."

Julian: "And put the whole thing in a paperback and put it on the shelf opposite the computer.
There you go.
How do we start the program?"

Marlene: "You have to type PAUL in capital letters on the console."

Julian: "Geil.
Sounds good."

Totaot: "I'm building this thing.
Who brings it in and presses the keys?"

For a while, no one in the chat room answered.

Marlene: "Shit! That's not funny."

Julian: "Hej, Marlene, that was super good.
We had fun.
You tried it.
They're scared the shit out of us now, and they got a lot of work to do.
We all need new computers now.
Some people move all the way.
We've lost a lot of accesses.
You, above all, put that in the TAO.
But, what the hell.
The hack was awesome.
The idea big."

Mohammed: "A popily traffic barrier.
Pffff."

Torrorist: "Who knows.
Maybe there were more.
But Marlene came out again.
And not one of us got it, not one of us.
That's the very best thing.
But, Marlene, you really have to go where you are.
They're looking for you like crazy."

Mohammed: "Yes, it is.
Here in Dahab some strange creatures have been buzzing around for two days.
We're watching them.
That doesn't look good.
They've even been to the hotel."

Torrorist: "Where's the turnoff?"

Mohammed: "Yupp."

Julian: "Shit, Marlene, you gotta get out of there right now.
They must be academic people.
I got a tip that two groups were sent to Dahab and Hurghada."

Mohammed: "Okay.
Let's close up here.
See you soon, I'm gone."

Totaot: "Marlene! Look in your pond."

Marlene: "See you soon! I'm so glad you exist."

She clicked the chat window away and changed the Tails identity.
On her screen appeared:

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
"New message received from Totaot."
</div>
She wrote, "show."

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
I've just been contacted through Jabber. Someone,
who wants to talk to you about Pond. I don't know where the
my address here. It's a little scary. He's got
a pond-secret for you and said that it would take 30 minutes
is valid. Oh, shit. Could be a trap. Real passport
on! He said he knew what was happening to Corinne.
is. I don't know what Corinne he's talking about.

LG, Fred

Pond-Secret: DECD !E02 (0E6 !82C B9E9
</div>
Marlene breathed in.
"Corinne," she thought.
She hadn't heard from her in four months.
Shit.
A honeypot? Especially to attract them? No one knew Corinne in her area.
Not even Marwin.

She closed her eyes.
In 20 minutes Achmed would come here and she would disappear from here forever.
He had said that he would take her over to the other side, to Saudi Arabia, that was only 35 km.
Achmed was Bedouin, he had a large family, with many connections, also in Saudi Arabia.
"We'll help each other," he had said, "we've been doing this for centuries."
That was her best option now.
The Saudi Coast Guard was brutal, but it was also slow and not particularly motivated.
Saudi Intelligence? Didn't sound very scary to her anymore.
20 minutes time.
Could she dare?

All her thoughts disappeared and she started typing:

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
new-contact boatly_unknown_contact DECD !E02 (0E6 !82C B9E9
</div>
With that order, Pond was told to contact someone: You entered a name and a secret.
The other one did exactly the same thing with the same secret.
And when the two secrets met somewhere in the dark part of the Internet, a secure connection was established between the two sides.

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
Key exchange with boatly_unknown_contact complete.
</div>
"Wow!" Marlene thought.
"That was quick.
Almost a little too fast."

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
Message received from boatly_unknown_contact.
</div>
Marlene took a stance: "And a message right away.
Someone really wants to talk to me."

Normally, news about Pond took a few minutes.
But it was possible to shorten the time.

She typed "show."

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
Hello, Marlene,

you don't know me, but I know a lot about
you. Your brother Marwin is in a CIA prison.
somewhere in the United States. I'm afraid he's not feeling well under the circumstances.
is correspondingly good. About you, there are suspicions that
you're in Dahab or Hurghada and you're three months ago.
hours into the central database of the TAO.
</div>
Marlene stopped breathing. "Wow." She kept reading.

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
Corinne's dead. She was in the same prison as
your brother and didn't make it. I don't know.
just like it happened. But they wanted to know things about
her boyfriend who she didn't know, didn't know.
could. I learned that a few days ago. I'm
herself was present at her friend's death. I was sitting in the
I don't know what happened in that room. A blow to the head.

Brutal!

He was lying there. He didn't get up again. I had to get
I threw up on him when I realized that he was really
was dead. That was a turning point for me. I've been meaning
but it's not that simple,
where I work. I'm here at TAO headquarters,
in the NSA. I'm a liaison officer with the CIA. I'm in charge
data that the CIA uses to track down hackers, to
to arrest, question and kill. I have no will
to be a part of this. I've been following your story.
I want to help you.

I'm writing to you now to tell you that the CIA
the mercenary company Academi, formerly called
once Blackwater to catch you or kill you and give them
the two cities of Dahab and Hurghada.

There are at least 20 people in both places right now,
to find you. When you have a chance to get away,
then try it. You are currently searching only there and at the
Places where you have friends and family. If you have any questions,
write. I'm here now.

Greetings, Anita
</div>
"reply," typed Marlene:

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
How do you know I was in the database?
</div>
"Send."

Hardly a minute later:

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
The order in which you want to save the log files of the twelve computers
was the same as the one you took the first time
you were in a TAO computer a few months ago. And
and a few other things agreed. We have
Hacker profiles here, they're capturing that.
</div>
Marlene squeezed her chest with her hand.
"Oh, God," she thought, "this can be real." She jumped up.
Went around the table a few times, sat down again.
In such situations, she trusted only her feelings.
After two more minutes she wrote:

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
Can you buy a current Raspberry PI today?
an HD camera, a 2TB memory stick? And do you have access
to the server room of the 07 machine?
</div>
"Send."

Marlene looked spellbound at the monitor.
Nothing happened.
If Anita asked why, she wouldn't answer anymore.
She needs to directly understand that she was serious.
Come right in.
Otherwise it wouldn't work.
She didn't know about Anita.
Was she a woman or a man?
How old?
Or maybe even a group who were all standing in front of an NSA monitor right now discussing what to write next?

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
Message received from boatly_unknown_contact.
</div>
appeared on the screen.
"show" was typed by Marlene.

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
Yes.
</div>
Marlene closed her eyes.
It was a risk.
But everything was risky now.
She wrote:

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
Anita,

you'll get a program in a few hours for the
Raspberry of 5!50 F%87 1(37 AC56 3%EE

All you have to do is copy it to an SD card, and then you can
Raspberry with it. You're not placing it any further than
Three yards from the monitor from the 07 machine. You type P A U L
one. Everything else happens automatically. It'll be about eight hours
take a while. Write to him when you've finished the stick.
</div>
"Send."
She sent the same message to Totaot.

"Klonck," the door sounded dull under the water.
Seconds later Achmed appeared, tore off his diving goggles and shouted: "Quick, Marlene.
They're coming.
Boats and a helicopter."

Marlene looked around.
She put her laptops in the rubber bag and began to put on the diving suit.
"Helicopter," she thought.
"Shit."

"No time.
Just the bottle," Achmed shouted.
She pulled over the oxygen bottle, put on the mask and tied the suitcase around herself.
Achmed disappeared into the water.
She jumped after him.
Outside the boat he swam in a different direction than usual.
Marlene followed.
It went deeper, along the trench.
And after about 50 meters Marlene recognized a small submarine on the seabed, which normally brought tourists to dives.
Achmed grabbed a hook and tied it to Marlene's chest belt at the front.
One for yourself, then.
He gave a signal to the submarine driver and it started.


{{{en/038_2023_The Colonel}}}

## **2023** The Colonel

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marwin was still sitting </span> alone at the table in the meeting room.
He was tinkering with a paper boat.

The door blew open and a U.S. Rangers colonel walked in.
He was about 50 years old, had a sharply cut, rutted face and was tanned. Two officers followed behind him.
He must have sat on the chair directly opposite Marwin.
The first officer next to him on a second chair, the second, briefly looking for a chair, then stood next to the table.

The colonel looked at Marwin, cleared his throat.
Marwin looked at him with slightly astonished innocent eyes.

Colonel: "Farras!
We talked about you for a long time.
We wanted to give you a chance.
We shook hands with you.
They rejected her.
If you had known who you were talking to, you would have had more respect.
What I have learned in my life is to have respect for people, for their performance and for their responsibility.
If these people, these two, would give me an order, then I would obey it without hesitating for a second.

How about you? You made fun of her.
You made fun of it, you gave them the middle finger.
That's why, that's why, right now, you're dealing with me.
That's the price.
If you give me the middle finger, I won't leave the room."

Marvin's face had darkened a little, but he still looked at the colonel with open eyes.
He had not listened to him, but had tried to feel his way into him: "You want to intimidate me, to unsettle me," he thought.
But he now felt immune to it.
He concentrated on thinking, "What kind of person was he? What was his fear? What were his constraints? Where could he not see clearly? What did he see?" A thousand thoughts flashed through his head.
He didn't have to listen to him, that's how much he had learned in the last two years.
The colonel would repeat the things that mattered anyway."

"Yes!" Marwin suddenly thought, "This is it.
He thinks I'm stupid.
He really thinks I'm stupid.
Okay. (laughs)
It can do something."

Colonel: ".... I'm telling you: There's some people out there waiting for you to make the right decision.
They're waiting.
But they won't wait long."

"Wow," Marwin thought, "something really seems to have happened.
But why are they waiting? For what? Me?"

Colonel: "And these people send me in here to see you.
Why, you mean? To talk to you? I am? Pfff.
Talking isn't my strong suit.
I'll tell you what I do in my normal job: I build and manage centers for advanced interrogation techniques for the U.S.
Army in 17 countries.
I set them up, hire a commander and travel around to make sure my colleagues do their job and that they're not afraid of someone getting their asses kicked when they make mistakes.
Everybody makes mistakes.
Believe me, I'm giving those boys out there as much freedom as possible.
They need it for their work.
They can decide what they do to earn the respect and esteem and ... fear of the people in these countries.
And I tell you, the people in the countries there have respect for them, more than for the army, more than for the CIA.
And I'm working on it to keep it that way.
And now... now I'm supposed to talk to you."

He turned to the sitting officer.
"Lieutenant, when was the last time you took anyone out of the game?" He drove his index finger over his neck and smiled slightly.

The lieutenant barked back: "The day before yesterday, sir."

Marwin thought, "Mei, mei.
They didn't prepare that.
You improvise everything.
And they can't do that at all, unplanned, without a strategy.
No, no.
It won't work.
You want my signature on whatever it is.
And they mustn't torture.
I'm pretty sure nothing's gonna happen to me here.
If they could do anything to me, he wouldn't talk that much at all.
I can do something with that.
But what?"

Colonel: "When I tell my boys that I don't want to see you in this world anymore, you can go wherever you want.
They won't find a hiding place.
If you get out of here today and screw up afterwards,
they'd find you.
No matter where in the world, in the middle of the Amazon, the South Pole or the Bronx."

Marwin looked at the two officers politely and thought, "Today? Dismissed? Oh, shit.
That sounds real.
That doesn't sound like a trick."

Colonel, to the standing officer, "Lieutenant, when was your last?"

He barked, "The day before yesterday, sir!"

Marwin nodded to the colonel and said quietly:
"I don't want to get out of here."

The colonel was gasping for air.

"I don't want to get out of here," Marwin must have said.

Colonel with a reddened face: "You're kidding me!"

Marwin shook his head.

Colonel: "Listen! This is no time for games.
Nobody wants to stay in a CIA interrogation center unless they're crazy or stupid.
This is serious.
It's your life at stake.
Turn on your gray matter, if you have any.
Me, here, a U.S. Rangers colonel.
There are two officers of the U.S. Rangers.
You think we'd come if it wasn't serious?
If it weren't for something?
This isn't a game.
We're not playing! I'll tell you frankly and freely what the situation is.
If you get out of here, I'll watch you, personally, I'll fucking watch your fingers.
And if you lead a life like any other person, if you do your work or not, if you have fun, if you don't work against us and if you don't fucking talk shit about what you've experienced here, then I'll just sit here quietly.

I'm being honest with you: I don't like you.
But I'm not gonna hurt you.
Only when you fuck up, when you pee on my leg, I take that personally, I send one of them after you, or a drone.
Does that go inside your little head that this is an offer?
They're coming out.
You'll still get money!" He was gasping for air again.
"And I'll leave you alone.
And don't say that shit anymore that you don't want to get out of here."

"I want the truth!" said Marwin.

The colonel went off and snorted: "Ffffff.
You want the truth.
What's that? Pick one.
We'll make one for you.
You can take them then.
The truth is, if you sign, you come out, stay calm, live your life, have fun, go to work five times a week or not.
Otherwise, you're on my list.
Then I'll rip your dick out." He bent over to Marwin.
"Come to your senses!"

"Would you lie for your fatherland?" Marwin asked, slightly excited.

"If I... if I would lie for my fatherland? Oh, shit.
Boys.
I say it again, you get out of here..." He flicked in the direction of the lieutenant, received a folder and took it.

"If you put your name under this.
Or three crosses for all I care." He put the folder on the table in front of Marwin.
"There are no negotiations here.
If you want to negotiate, I'll take you to another interrogation center, maybe Syria or Iraq.
I've got some rooms where we can negotiate."

"Would you lie for your country?" Marwin asked again.

The colonel's face turned red.
He closed his eyes briefly and then looked at Marwin with an ice-cold gaze.

Colonel: "I..."

He took a short break: "Do you know how it is out there, where it really burns? You have no idea, milk boy.
You sit in front of some computer all day.
But out there ...
If we make mistakes, people die.
It's that simple.
If the people there no longer have any respect for us, many of our men would die.
Would I lie about them not dying? Do you want to say to a mother or a wife or to the little children: Your son, your husband or your father unfortunately had to die because I told some crazy people the truth? The truth must be earned!
People who are not loyal, who stand in my way, who stop me, do not get the truth from me."

Marwin and the colonel looked at each other.

Marwin: "Then lie to me."

The colonel's face darkened.
He leaned back.

Colonel, tense and calm: "If you think you can play with me, with me, then you will get to know me.
There are so many possibilities.
I've got a whole battery of them.
I'm telling you, you're gonna get your act together and sign this document.
And then get her things."
He shoved it at him.

Marwin looked at him and showed him the middle finger.

The colonel held his breath and grabbed his nose.
His face turned turkey red, almost violet.
He breathed out and inhaled a few times, grabbed the document, got up and left the room.
The two officers followed him.


{{{en/039_2021_Academi.md}}}

## **2021** Academi

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">The sun let</span> its last rays shine on the coastline of Saudi Arabia.
Several boats of the Egyptian coast guard crossed at the place where the Hackerspace ship lay on the seabed.
There was a helicopter hovering above them.
An army officer on a boat held Marlene's wet diving suit in his hands.
Next to him stood two Academi soldiers.

Army officer: "Half an hour, no more.
Shit.
But thanks for the tip about the turnoff at the hotel."

First Academi soldier: "You can't get very far.
It was certainly a tourist submarine.
At most until Sharm El Sheik. They will not venture up to Israel.
We've got people all along the coast."

Army officer: "We're getting the satellite data.
What about Saudi Arabia?"
He pointed to the distant shore.

Second Academi Soldier: "For God's sake.
No way. No way.
Saudi Intelligence is everywhere.
And they have all the powers." He smiled.
"And we've already told them.
They don't have any scruples at all about anything.
No, they're not going in there.
That would be suicide."

First Academi soldier: "Sharm El Sheik! You're going to Sharm El Sheik.
He's got family there.
I'm sure that's where he got the boat.
I'll send my men there."

Army officer, "We'll be in touch."


{{{en/040_2064_Fortunato.md}}}

## **2064** Fortunato

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Lasse and Sigur</span> ran through the streets of Caracas in Venezuela.
It was early afternoon, oppressively hot.
A courthouse appeared at the end of the street.

Sigur: "J u z g a d o? - This is the house where we should go."
He looked at Lasse in astonishment.
"What shall we do in a court of law?"

Lasse: "Let's see."
He looked at a note.
"Second floor.
Room 433.
Up.

They showed their IDs at the entrance, ran up the stairs and sat down on a bench in a dreary corridor.
The massive wooden door to room 433 was closed.
Inside there were very quiet voices.

Lasse looked at his watch and said, "3:31.
Now he wants us to meet him."

Sigur stood up and walked towards the door.
He started knocking.

Lasse: "Stop! We're to wait, they said."

Sigur: "No, it wasn't.
They said, "Meet Frederick Petterson at 15:31 on Avenida Oeste 13, Caracas, Venezuela, second floor, room 433.
We're not in room 433 right now." He started knocking again.

Lasse: "Wait, we..."

The door swung open and a small, sympathetic looking, obviously native man rushed out.
He almost bumped into Sigur.
They both looked each other in the eye for a moment.
The man took a step to the side and hurried past Lasse towards the elevator.

Sigur looked at him perplexed.

Lasse shouted: "Mr. Petterson", although the man didn't look a bit like "Petterson", much more like "Rodriguez".

The man stopped, waited a moment, then turned to Lasse and approached him.
He whispered, "Fortunato, not Petterson, not here."
He looked at both of them wildly.
"Come with me! We must go to a place where we can speak freely."
In the parking lot in front of the courthouse they got into a huge Toyota pickup, an older model, with bumps and scratches on all sides.
Fortunato drove off.
After they had turned from the courthouse parking lot to the main street, he turned to them and asked, "You're hackers, aren't you?"

Lasse and Sigur looked at each other.

Lasse: "Maybe."

Frederick: "You're hackers.
I'm always very well informed.
Must be me.
That's my job."

Sigur: "What are you doing?"

Frederick: "I deal drugs.
But no street vending, no soft drugs.
Just wholesale, just real stuff, just the Internet.
Do you need a ship with cocaine? 500 kilos? Colombia, wonderful stuff.
In two weeks you'll have it..."

Sigur dry: "Yes.
I'd like a ship full of them.
How much is that?"

The smile disappeared on Fortunato's mouth, he answered as dryly as Sigur:
"You're not here for drugs.
You wouldn't have enough money either.
You only have an account with 6500 euros on it, the apartment where you live belongs to your parents and your Bitcoins are currently," he typed with one hand on a somewhat clumsy-looking smartphone, "27.
Whoa! That's a lot for a 19-year-old white-hat hacker.
27 Bitcoins.
Of course you could pay me in Bitcoins, but that's more like 2700.
But as I said, that's not why you're here."

Sigur pushed himself into the back seat with his mouth slightly open.

Lasse: "What are we here for?"

Fortunato: "Hmmm.
That's weird.
I'm supposed to know that.
It's my job to know things.
But, frankly, I don't know."

Lasse: "How do you know how old Sigur is and how much money he has? And that we're hackers?"

Fortunato: "I also know that you illegally fly CIA air combat robots and that you took the Sorat Rangers from heaven.
That, in turn, really sparked my interest in you guys. The Sorat Rangers are history." He smiled warmly.
Fortunato was one of those people you couldn't blame at all.
He radiated warmth and lightness.
They instinctively wanted to trust him.

Lasse thought, "Stop. There's something wrong here.
He can't know all that.
You can't do that.
No one can make that easy the connection between us and the combat robots.
And even know who we were."

Lasse looked at Sigur, then at Fortunato again and asked angrily, "How do you know all this?"

Fortunato smiled again: "I am not only a drug dealer.
You know, it's not really worth it anymore.
The money's right, but it's not enough fun.
It's become so industrial.
They throw tons of the stuff at you, you can order it on the internet directly from the field, you have no risk anymore, but there is no real friendship anymore, is no longer necessary, everything is professional.
And that's boring.
No, I'm trading more and more valuable goods now: Information. Big data.
Great thing, I'm telling you.
I do in individuals and companies, and there everything: whereabouts, bank details, correspondence, pictures, movies.
In real time and the whole history.
In addition, suggestions for blackmail and bribery opportunities.
I don't care who.
I have 230 million individuals in my database.
Do you want the private e-mails from the next president of the United States? No problem. No problem.

I already knew your data in the courtroom.
A sensor told me you were outside the door. You're in my database... But you're wondering how I know where you are. You don't have smartphones. Funny, isn't it? No problem for me. When it comes to whereabouts, I have a specialty, almost a monopoly: "I not only have GPS, but also RFID."

Sigur: "RFID? This is used for payment and access control.
I don't have an RFID chip on me, neither to pay, nor to get in anywhere.
How are you gonna locate me with that?"

Fortunato pulled out a small sheet of paper with a QR code.
"Do you see this tiny skin-colored dot on the other side of the code? That's the world's smallest RFID chip, 78 micrometers long and wide."

Lasse and Sigur leaned towards him, but could not see anything.

Fortunato: "Remember the sweet girls at the entrance to your conference?
The ones who hang your day pass every morning, say something nice and give you a kiss of welcome?
Super cute, huh?
These are my girls.
And they're super smart.
They take one of these leaves, wipe it somewhere against clothing or hair and then register the corresponding QR code.
And you can track where you're going.
Hair's the best.
You don't leave them at the dressing room or change them at some point.
And they get an acoustic signal in their ear if yesterday's chip is still there.
And then you won't get a new one."
Fortunato smiled proudly.

"Asshole!" Sigur mumbled just loud enough for Fortunato to hear.
He stroked his fingers through his hair.

Fortunato looked at him with big, open eyes: "Come on, hey, this is a super system.
And think: I'll tell you this.
You know about it now.
You can't be mad at me for that.
I'm open with you."

Lasse: "And where are all the scanners?"

Fortunato: "In Caracas? All over the city.
We have tens of thousands here.
They cost nothing.
A scanner is a small plate, 15 x 15 millimeters in size and sends via GSM.
They transmit over twenty metres and last about a year." He pulled out a tablet computer that looked like an iPad and grinned: "It's not an iPad, don't worry.
Is something of its own ...
Look!" He showed them a map of Caracas, on which a huge number of red, green and blue dots could be seen.
Some seemed to move, individually, in groups.
A large cloud of dots was visible around the conference centre.

Fortunato: "That's exactly 3243 participants from your conference.
At present, 2230 of them have no GPS phone with them.
But I have the data! In real time!"

Lasse and Sigur looked at the tablet in disbelief.

Fortunato: "Most of them are activists and hackers.
Valuable target group.
And I add information about who meets whom, who eats with whom, who goes for a walk, who goes home.
What do you think I can get for the data? Look, I currently have 24 real-time subscribers." He tapped on the tablet and stretched it out towards them.
"NSA's in there, too.
But I don't take any money from them.
They have so many great things on offer.
I only trade with them, although they keep asking if they can't pay."

Sigur a little louder: "I'm getting nauseous."

Lasse: "You won't get away with this system long, Fortunato.
There are so many RFID scanners at the conference, it's noticeable when suddenly there are a few thousand more chips."

Fortunato: "My chips do not work with the normal frequency.
There's a whole factory in China that only makes my chips.
Hello boys, wake up.
Today you have to do something if you want to be successful.
The world isn't nice.
There's a war out there.
I didn't make it.
But if you know this world, if you know what everything works and what doesn't, then you can still furnish it quite nicely today.
You can do a lot, especially if you don't work for the state, but as a free entrepreneur.
The state secret services and all other services in state hands are really slow and sluggish, even unimaginative: NSA, CIA, LBI, FBI, GCHQ.
All lame asses.
But sometimes damn dangerous lame asses... They just buy what they need.
But they won't get my RFID system.
It's not for sale."

Lasse held his breath.
Sigur looked at him with a slightly panic-stricken gaze, hinting at getting out.

Fortunato: "Hej boys.
We are not as far apart from each other in what we are doing as it may now seem.
Having things under control technically is about dealing with the circumstances in an inventive way.
You know the concept: hacking, converting technology, using something different than the inventors intended.
That's exactly what I'm doing.
Hej, it's also not very moral to steal experimental air combat robots and shoot elite units out of the sky with them.
You caused almost half a billion dollars of damage."

Lasse was grumbling, "I don't do business with NSA."

Sigur hissed to Lasse, "Let's get out of here."

Leave quietly back: "Wait still.
Marlene sent us here."

Sigur very quietly: "I do not make a deal with the asshole.
That's the other side.
He'll lie to you if he has to."

Fortunato unimpressed by the whisper of the two: "But now tell me: Why have you come?"

Lasse: "We are looking for an as yet unknown U.S. intelligence service.
One who is responsible for assassinations, especially for attempted assassinations."

Fortunato gave it some thought.

Fortunato: "LBI.
Lubricious Bureau of Intelligence.
Home of the Sorat Rangers.
Actually, Localized Bureau of Intelligence.
But they're really greasy.
If there are assholes in this business, it's them.
You really don't have to pick on me there.
"Against them, I'm a pure philanthropist."

Lasse: "The Sorat Rangers are CIA!"

Fortunato: "Wrong.
They're not.
Only their badges are CIA.
LBI is all appearance.
That doesn't officially exist.
It doesn't even have its own building.
Nowhere.
None at all.
All employees have a 100% camouflage identity, even the boss.
They don't exist, not at all, they're all over the place: CIA, NSA, government, even foreign intelligence, oil companies, Google, Apple has some ... And you want that? Let me guess what you want from them: You want to steal a combat robot satellite so you can control your own fleet.
You can only get that there.
Anywhere else it would be exposed.
But the LBI has a few that nobody knows about.
Well, am I right?"
He grinned and turned to Lasse.

Lasse: "No."

Fortunato: "No.
Hmmm.
Then you want to be the next Sorat Rangers? That's what you just handed in your business card for.
But I'm telling you, that would be a dangerous game..."

Sigur moaned.

Fortunato: "Okay, okay, I know you don't work with them.
I already learned that.
I don't know why you're limiting yourselves, but okay, you don't do this.
Morale? Morals can be pretty expensive these days.
It could cost her her life.
But then say, what are you going to do?"

Lasse: "We want to uncover the LBI.
We want to make public what they do."

Fortunato braked the car abruptly, drove to the right and stopped, slightly excited: "Guys! That's not a good idea." He turned to them.
"You have seen what a riot the release of the NSA vulnerability database a few years ago was.
Holy chaos.
Big companies went bankrupt.
Many people have completely lost confidence in the Internet.
Heads of government have changed.
People have died."

"No," Sigur interrupted.
"Nobody died because of it!"

Fortunato: "With the secret services, yes, yes, some.
Whatever.
It was an earthquake.
But this one, LBI, that's a little over the top.
It's not just NSA, it's not just an introverted hacker company that leaks into every computer and smartphone in the world and stores all the data it gets its hands on.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
That's more violent.
LBI, these are placed world events, assassinations, blown up buildings, invented rebel groups, invented wars, invented revolutions.
You have no idea what all LBI is.
If you uncover this, a lot of people will die.
Dead sure.
Think about it:
Alone, what would happen if you uncovered Khandahar!
What just went wrong because of you.
Seven presidents dead.
If this turns out to be a fake, there'll be a war.
Dead sure.
A war with many dead.
And that was you.
That's not very moral.
You're not working with NSA?
But killing people, that's okay, or what?"

Sigur: "Now you're getting scared, aren't you?
You can control everything, but only if it doesn't come to light.
Whistleblowing is the real enemy!
What you need is a dark balance:
Everyone plays his part, everything remains secret, then the worst things can happen and nobody is really responsible.
Are you responsible for the combat robot deaths that die based on your position data? Or because of the friend lists you calculate and pass on to the NSA? No.

But if we uncover anything, we're supposed to be responsible.
It's the messenger's fault.
Uncover, whistleblowing has to be done responsibly, not everything else.
Who takes responsibility for the fact that we are only able to make people lose their lives when things become public? Who takes responsibility for the things that happen in secret? Nobody."

Lasse: "Sigur, we all have responsibility for everything.
Whether we're to blame for this mess or not.
We have only one earth, only one air, only one humanity.
You can't share responsibility."

It got quiet in the car.
One, two, three long minutes.
Then Fortunato smiled encouragingly at Lasse and Sigur: "Come.
We'll go to my place first.
It's just around the corner.
Then we'll eat something good and keep looking."
He started the car and drove back onto the road.


{{{en/041_2064_In the Beach Apartment.md}}}

## **2064** In the beach apartment

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Sigur and Lasse sat</span> in the living room of the beach apartment in two huge armchairs.
From there they had a 270-degree panoramic view of the sea.
On the other side of the room there was an oversized television set, behind it on the left an open fireplace.

Sigur: "What do you think, when will he come back?"

Lasse: "I don't know.
Maybe he won't come back."

Sigur: "In any case he sees us on some monitor or hears us through some microphone.
And I haven't found my RFID chip either."
He was stroking his hair again.
"This is not a good place.
Let's go."

Lasse: "There is something to do here.
Otherwise, Marlene wouldn't have sent us here."
He looked around.

Sigur: "Sure.
There's probably a cloud computer somewhere around here.
And I'm pretty sure there's some super interesting stuff on there.
And now we'll just hack into it and see, for example, what he has to say about the LBI."
He pulled up his eyebrows and smiled posed.
"And since he knows we're hackers, he'll leave us here to do our thing alone."

Lasse: "Mh mh.
He sees us and listens to us.
Absolutely.
But then we can ask him for help if we can't get any further."
He smiled back posed.

Suddenly Sigur looked at Lasse in astonishment.
Then he seemed to think intensely, he closed his eyes.
Then he reached into his backpack, took out his laptop and put a cloth over his hands as he entered the password.
He started typing on it.
Lasse observed him for a while, Sigur was absorbed in his device, unresponsive, "plugged in," as they called it.
After a while, he also took out his computer, turned it on, entered his password and went online.

"Pling" said the chat program and showed a message from Sigur.

Sigur: "Finally.
That's what you are! Don't let anything look at the back of your monitor." Lasse folded the screen easily to himself.

Sigur: "Next to your left foot under the table is a socket.
I have a wireless plug under my left leg.
Take it inconspicuously and put it there."
Lasse pretended to tie his shoes and pushed the plug into the box.

Sigur: "Good.
I have contact.
The device tells me ultra-small fluctuations in the power grid, for example, of computer activity, of all the computers that hang here so in the network.
I will now run a portscan on all computers in Caracas and see when something is happening here.
Maybe we'll get something."

Lasse: "Come on, if he has computers here at all, he's probably so paranoid that they're connected to their own network.
He's probably also going out directly to the Internet via satellites."
Sigur sat deep in front of his computer for a while and typed from time to time.
Meanwhile, Lasse is working on his Pond news.

"Got it!" Sigur suddenly wrote, "three computers are right here in the power grid.
Probably in the basement.
Deep in the basement.
One seems to be a Tor Hidden service, probably on a Cubes system.
I'll take a look."

Lasse sent him a file: "Here's Lilly's stuff she's going into Cubes with.
There's nothing for the latest version, but maybe you can use it."

Sigur: "No zero days for the latest version?
Good sign.
I love Cubes.
Hey hey.
He doesn't have the latest version here.
Great.
I'm just trying things out.
Lilly's a sweetheart."

A few minutes later: Sigur didn't look a wink in his armchair and wrote: "YESS!!! I'm in! Super easy.
It had quite good protection, but not the latest version. I always say: update, update, update.
Just a minute. Here: The onion address is idtAIrLBI0KJ6gjyro8uTkHa.onion.
What's he got there?
Aha, a shop.
Whoa!
He really is an information broker.
I'm not lying.
Nice and clear.
And here: The search program he was talking about.
You can enter phone numbers, e-mail addresses.
Like XKeyScore from the NSA.
Let's see what it can do.
Give me ... no, not yours! For God's sake.
Edward Snowden's."

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
Edward Snowden

Activity Focus: Hacker, Internet Activist, Internet Security

Last confirmed location: 2 days old

Motion profile: 2% cover

E-mails total: 12234 (all address data, subject line)

E-mails without PGP: 335 (full content, all address data, subject line)

Jabber contacts: 71

Financial Data: 12334

Portrait photos: 72

Communication contacts: 781
</div>
Sigur: "Shit, he has only 2% coverage in the motion profile.
How does he do it?
And look how much it costs: Full data $65,000, metadata $38,000.
That's a gift.
Let's see how much coverage Marc Zuckerberg has and what it costs... Ahhh. He's got 99.3%.
Wow. Wow.
Sure thing.
And his files cost $81,000.
Why is he more expensive than Edward?"

Lasse: "Hmmm.
The people who care have more money?"

Sigur: "Never mind.
I'll keep looking. There's certainly more lying around on the computer."


{{{en/042_2064_A plan.md}}}

## **2064** A plan

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Fortunato sat at a table in </span> a beach café and spooned soup.
Next to him sat Jonny, tanned, muscular torso, mid-30s, with Bermuda shirt and straw hat, his face completely in the shade of the hat.
There was a big cocktail in front of him.

Fortunato: "The two of them are now sitting in my living room at home and hacking into their computers."

Jonny: "Well, then, they're probably just hacking your servers... Super plan!"

Fortunato: "Nope.
No problem. No problem.
They're in the basement, second basement, secured with a steel safe door.
They can't reach it.
And from there it goes straight up to a TAO satellite.
So not from the outside either.
The TAO set me up.
They're good boys."
He showed him his tablet.
"Look.
It's quiet down there."

Jonny: "Still.
They're both very dangerous.
You better see what they're doing."

Fortunato: "Do you think I waste my time with harmless people?
I don't need non-hazardous people.
You can use them in some state secret service.
These two are young wild horses.
All you have to do is tame them.
I find Sigur particularly interesting.
The way he hacked his first combat robot, unbelievable.
And above all: He is sensitive, he will soon shave his hair and burn his clothes to get the RFID chips out.
He gets into a lot of stress over these things.
That's where we can start..."

Jonny: "What do you want to do?"

Fortunato: "A cyanide implant.
Something that triggers strong feelings: fear, anger.
You've got one of those things inside you and someone can break the capsule with a satellite remote and you die.
You can't get it out.
You have to keep checking it's connected, or it'll open.
You'll go crazy.
We need him addicted, controllable.
He'll get it under local anesthesia.
I want him to know everything."

Jonny: "And the other one?"

Fortunato: "Lasse?
We'll separate the two.
He only gets a localization chip, but under general anesthesia.
Then he'll be free.
They'll look for each other, you can bet on it.
And Lasse will contact friends.
I'm getting some data for my Darknet collection."

Jonny: "Evil, evil."

Fortunato: "Can you organize all this?
A team with a doctor?
5:45 tomorrow?
At my place.
But the cyanide isn't real.
Dextrose or something.
I don't want to kill him by accident."

Jonny dry: "Okay."


{{{en/043_1915_In a soup kitchen.md}}}

## **1915** In a soup kitchen

### SCENE 6
____
Hilde in a soup kitchen behind a huge pot, a ladle in her hand.
People lining up with plates and spoons.
At the entrance a group of Spartacists with assault rifles.

An older beggar enters the room, takes a plate and looks at the end of the queue for a while.
Then he holds the plate in front of him and walks straight towards Hilde, but nobody in the queue gives him room.
Hilde and he look at each other.
She makes a sign to the woman who's next and waves the beggar over.
The man behind the woman grumbles loudly into his beard.
Hilde looks briefly with a matter-of-fact look and then fills the beggar's plate.

Hilde: "Enjoy your meal, brother."

He smiles at her with a deep warmth and then trots towards a dark corner.
Hilde fills the woman's plate.

Hilde: "This is Albert.
He grew up an orphan and found out who his parents were the day before yesterday.
You haven't lived far from him in 50 years.
He just came from the cemetery."

The woman nods and looks after the beggar.

Hilde: "Besides, he gets bad rage outbursts if he has too little in his stomach.
That's why I let him in.
There's nothing he can do.
That's innate." She smiles at the woman and then turns to the man behind her.

Wilhelm sits in a corner of the room at a table with three others and talks with wild gestures.
The three of them listen to him spellbound and occasionally pull expressions as a reaction to what Wilhelm says.
At the next table a woman sleeps with her head on the table, three children next to her playing a finger game.
Around them there are a lot of bags filled with all kinds of things.
Opposite her a man reads a leaflet to others, which is commented again and again vividly.
One table further on sit two dark figures, one spooning a soup, the other in front of him a glass of beer.

The beggar sits on the floor leaning against a wall and spoons his soup very concentrated with a slightly trembling hand.
When the plate is empty, he carefully places it on his lap and turns his gaze to Hilde.
He looks at her for a long time with a gentle gaze.

Suddenly a loud discussion burns up at the entrance.
It gets quiet in the room.
The Spartacist group leader gets in the way of a police captain.
Both quickly have a group of uniformed and armed men behind them.
The captain holds a sheet of paper in the group leader's face and loudly demands access.
He reluctantly takes the paper and reads it slowly.
Then he takes a step to the side.
The captain grabs the paper and enters the room.
Behind him, about six or seven policemen.
He approaches Hilde directly, while the others spread out in the room and start looking for something on the tables, in bags and under the benches.

Captain strict: "Madam! The concession to hand out food, please."

Hilde looks at him: "I know.
We need a concession here.
We set this up on the spur of the moment.
Look at the people.
They were sometimes two or three days without food until the day before yesterday."

The captain looks briefly through the room.

Captain: "They need a concession.
That's the rules."

Hilde: "I know.
We'll have to pay a fine if we don't have one, won't we?
30 Reichsmarks, I think.
I understand that, the law is the law.
And there's been some infection from bad kitchens.
Our group here has a lot of experience.
We've made hundreds of lunch soups already.
You are welcome to take a look in the kitchen.
I'm gonna go and tell those people there to stop cooking.
They're preparing the second pot right now.
More people are coming today than usual."

The captain looks at Hilde and scratches his head.

Captain: "Finish this off normally today.
Clean it up good.
Then that's fine."

Hilde: "We'll do it, fine."

Captain: "And go to Motzstraße 17 tomorrow.
There's a city commissioner, Geimer, on the second floor.
He issues concessions.
Say hello to him from Captain Schlöndorf."

The captain nodded to Hilde briefly and turned into the room to make himself a picture of the situation.
Four policemen have surrounded the beggar by now.
He seems to be asleep.
One kicks him with his foot.

First policeman: "Hello! Get up! We told you not to come around here anymore."

The beggar's not responding.
Wilhelm jumps up and approaches the policeman in a threatening attitude.
"Wilhelm!" calls Hilde and gives him a sign that he should go back.
Another policeman taps the beggar with his foot.
He presses his pocket, which he has taken in front of his chest, closer to himself, but does not open his eyes.

Second policeman: "HEY!"

The beggar blinks and says calmly and with slow pronunciation: "I just want to rest a little here."

First policeman: "Well, you're coming with us now."
He's reaching under his arms.
The second one will help.
The beggar makes himself heavy and blinks again.

Beggar: "I want to rest a little here."

With strength they pick it up, so that it stands more bad than right.
He's staggering.
When they let him loose a little, he bends away again and sinks back to the wall.
He looks at both of them calmly.

Beggar: "Just get some sleep and then I'll go to the cemetery."

The first policeman bends over him again.
The beggar looks at him with big eyes, blinking almost childlike.

Policeman: "Come on.
We'll carry him out."

Four policemen are starting to lift him up.
The beggar precedes them by getting up himself.
He looks around.

Beggar: "I ate here.
I'm full now.
It's warm in here.
I just want to get some rest."

He's sinking back against the wall.
The four policemen stand helpless around him for a moment.
The captain approaches from behind, looks at the beggar and then says: "Come, leave him alone.
We're leaving!"

They're leaving the hall.
Hilde starts to make soup again and smilingly says to the man who just had his turn:
"He knows exactly how to do it. You can learn a lot from him."
____


{{{en/044_2064_Vault breach.md}}}

## **2064** Vault breach

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Sigur closed his eyes</span> and grinned into himself.
He wrote in his chat window: "Lasse! Whoa! Whoa! Wowowow! Look, here!"

Lasse instinctively turned to him, but then immediately turned calmly back to his monitor, on which a video film was playing.
He had placed his chat window over the video film, barely noticeable.
There, data scrolled page by page.

Lasse: "What's that??"

Sigur stretched out on his armchair and typed: "Bitcoins! That's where all the Bitcoins from the shop go.
They're masses."

Lasse: "Really? Great!"

Sigur: "But unfortunately encrypted in a Veracrypt file.
It's clear: all of the shop's revenues go into it.
I've looked through the Bitcoin block chain: There must be hundreds of thousands or maybe even millions of Bitcoins in there."

Lasse: "Billions of euros.
Great! ... Scary ... But what's in it for us? We can't access a Veracrypt file.
Or do you think he has a weak password?"

Sigur: ":-)"

Sigur: ":-D"

Sigur: ":-P"

Sigur: "No.
I don't think he has a weak password.
I can run a password cracker on the side, but I don't think that's going to work.
This is all very professionally done.
Looks like intelligence work, maybe even directly TAO.
But I've just got the Go program on the wrap that brings the Bitcoins from the shop into the vault.
The log files say that he normally starts the program once a day, in the morning, and then he enters the password for the Bitcoin vault.
And then I let it automatically start a small program that doesn't write the newly earned coins into the safe, but takes them together with all the other Bitcoins from the safe and sends them into my little cave to my home, into my little Raspberry Pi, my faithful helper over the years.
You know him.
:-)“

Lasse: "You're crazy!
You're gonna steal all of it?
You want to place your own program at this place?
That's striking."

Sigur: "No.
Hiding files is my specialty.
My program will sleep first.
I send him a ping every day to keep him asleep: If that comes, it won't wake up.
Only when it fails once, then it strikes: Wumms!"

"RUMMS," they heard a car slam outside.
Both were frightened and looked first in the direction of the car and then at each other.
It was the Fortunato pickup.

Lasse: "Shit! Now of all times."

Sigur didn't say a word.
He put on his headphones and went into his laptop.

Fortunato unlocked the front door and came in with a big bag under his arm.

Fortunato: "Hi boys! Up this late? Don't you want to go to bed?" He laughed.
"Nah, sure, hackers are night workers." I got you some local stuff.
He put the bag on the living room table in front of Sigur and Lasse.

"Thank you!" Lasse said and reached for it.
It was full of nuts, chocolate, bananas, oranges, a papaya and some bags of chips.

Fortunato: "Sigur? Well?
Sigur didn't move and kept typing on his keyboard.

Lasse looked at Fortunato and said: "Plugged in! There's nothing you can do."
He stuffed his mouth with nuts and grinned at Fortunato.

Fortunato nodded and let himself fall into the third chair that stood on the other side of the table.

Fortunato: "And? How is working here?
Caribbean beach, panoramic view, own boat mooring.
You can stand it there, can't you?
You're welcome to stay here for a few more days."

Lasse: "Nope.
We leave in the morning.
Our flights leave around 12."

Fortunato: "Okay.
I'll take care of your cab.
You don't have to be there as much soon as normal.
I've got my extra entrance there.
No waiting, no suitcase control.
So, if you want to take any more coke, I'd be happy to..."

Lasse smiled: "Taxi gladly.
Coke, thank you, no."

Fortunato: "What does Sigur actually do?"

Lasse: "He programs.
Again determines some such guard program that waits on a computer for a certain event and then becomes active.
And until it becomes active, it is so well hidden that it doesn't even find the TAO.
And after it runs, it erases itself from the computer, and you don't find any traces.
That's Sigur's specialty.
Nobody does it better than him.
You hate him for it.
It's pure magic."

Fortunato smiled a little tortured.

Fortunato: "Mh mh.
Don't you think we could do a little project together?
Something exciting.
To have fun.
I have some projects where I could use something like this.
And you can make a lot of money on the side."

Lasse smiled back: "Perhaps. If you renounce your cooperation with the NSA and other intelligence agencies, tell us everything you know about the LBI, then gladly."

Fortunato: "Why do you want to go the brutal way if you want to change things?
I also find a lot of what happens in the world stinks to me, even in the secret services.
Believe me, I've taken out some brutality where I'm active.
People treat each other more respectfully.
The cocaine trade was much more brutal ten years ago.
I also want a more peaceful world where as many people as possible can party and work what they want.
But nevertheless, just when I want to change something, I go into the house to the door and greet the host, I am friendly.
I'm not going through the window on the second floor, or breaking through the wall and pulling everything out that I find in there.
There's a little mess in every house.
That can't be avoided.
But that's usually not bad will.
The only thing you achieve with all this publicity is that everyone wakes up and then it gets more brutal.
Why are you doing this?
It's better to change things from the inside.
The "not-against" is one of the Cypherpunk ideals, isn't it?
I don't like a lot of what's going on, for example that some people are still killing or commissioning people without hesitation.
This is stupid, this is sick.
The LBI accepts the death of thousands of people every year.
And they say, "Otherwise, more people would die. They say Americans would die otherwise.
And then I tell them: Hello, and when I die, it's not so bad.
I may be American, but South Americans, and they're worth less to you.
What's that? What's that?
But they think my country would see it the same way.
Every country has the task of caring for its own citizens.
That's the price of being a free country."

Lasse: "You have contact with ... LBI?"

Fortunato: "Of course I did.
Otherwise, I'd be bad at my job.
Hey! Hey!
I'm not a little light.
Neither are you little lights on your territory.
The LBI buys people's whereabouts from me.
I do a lot more precise than the NSA.
In any case, less complicated and faster.
They send me an email address or a cell phone number and they get a link to a Tor hidden service where they can check their current whereabouts and everyone else in the last eight to nine years.
I'm working on getting all the security cameras in there, too.
There are now great dealers who offer you 30 to 40 percent of all surveillance cameras in a city like Caracas: location, direction, range and complete shots.
If you know exactly where someone is, you can display the appropriate surveillance camera images.
Live.
Then you can track where the guy or girl is right now and what it's doing.
"I'm telling you, it's a great technique."

Lasse looked at Fortunato and said, "Can I see what this looks like?"

He took a breath.
"What do you mean?
A surveillance site?
Okay. (laughs)
Do you have an email address or a phone number?"

Lasse pondered, grabbed his nose and then said in a slightly hasty tone: "strider4@posteo.de".
He looked at Fortunato.

"A little moment," Fortunato said, "it'll take a minute or two."

Lasse shook his head, "Just a minute or two, shit..."

Sigur wrote: "I get all angry.
I'll slam his throat.
He has zero respect for privacy.
Zero point zero."

Fortunato moaned quietly: "Uh.
He's dead. He's dead.
Died May 17, 2024.
That's amonium, that's his hacker name."

He looked at Lasse questioningly.

Lasse: "Exactly.
I'd like to see the surveillance cameras from May 17, 2024.
About 4:30."

Fortunato groaned loudly: "You wanted to see how the system works.
And now we're unveiling again.
It's not my thing.
I'm not tearing down walls.
I can show you the pictures from May 16th."

Leave excited: "You have the pictures.
Isn't it?
You know what happened there."

Fortunato: "No, I don't have them.
I erased it.
The whole May 17th has been erased.
Everyone deleted it."

Lasse's face turned red.
"AND THAT's OKAY?
Delete history?
Lies?
Manipulate?
That was a friend of mine, of both of us.
And I mean my boyfriend.
We could completely rely on him.
He used to watch my laptop sometimes.
I would have trusted him with my life.
And then he is pushed in front of a tram and dies, and all the pictures of it are gone, nothing there.
We've looked everywhere for it.
Town hall, shops, railroad, everything was gone.
Just gone.
That's bullshit.
And you're in on it!
That's bullshit!"

Fortunato: "I didn't push him.
And if I hadn't deleted them, my contacts with the clients would have been frozen.
You're tough as nails.
If they want to delete something, you have to do it, or you're out.
And not just for a while, but forever."

Sigur wrote, "Trouser pisser."

Lasse: "But you've seen the pictures?"

Fortunato: "Yes."

Lasse: "He was pushed."

Fortunato: "Yes."

Lasse buried his face in his hands.
Amonium, Sigur and him.
There were always three of them on the way.
They'd shredded the world.
The three of them had learned everything they could now.
And then, from one day to the next, he was gone.
And no way to get together in the game anymore.

Lasse: "LBI?"

Fortunato: "No, not LBI."

He took a piece of paper and a pencil out of his pocket, scribbled "But LBI" on it and pushed it to Lasse.
Then he shrugged his shoulders as if to apologize to Lasse.

Sigur closed his laptop and took off his headphones: "Done! Let's go to sleep."

Lasse and Fortunato turned to Sigur.
He looked back completely unmoved, a little bored.

"You cool dog," Lasse thought, and his anger waned.

"Yes ... Okay," he said, nodding, "let's go to bed."

He looked at Fortunato: "If you ever run into pictures of May 17 again, please send them to me."

Fortunato: "Your rooms are on the gallery, up the stairs and to the left.
I'm gonna watch some more TV.
Good night to you."

"Night," Sigur gave back and they both climbed the stairs.


{{{en/045_2064_WIP_Amadeus.md}}}

## **2064** Amadeus

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">...</span>

Lilly at Command Center, along with another admin. Marlene in the background.

Lilly as Mozart of the Hacker World

....

{{{en/046_2023_Night-Owl.md}}}

## **2023**** Night-Owl

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marwin sat in the </span> meeting room at his table.
Before him lay five paper planes and two ships.
He was humming "Don't worry, be happy" quietly.

The door handle slowly moved down and the door opened.
A slim young man in prison clothes came in, early 20s, looking a little cautiously, sneaking past Marwin and sitting on the chair opposite.
He had neither handcuffs nor ankle cuffs, but bruises were visible.
Both looked at each other, but didn't speak for a long time.
At some point Marwin reached out his hand to him.

Marwin: "Marwin."

He took Marvin's hand.

Amon: "Night-Owl."

Marwin scared: "Not the hacker names, not here.
They listen, they record everything."

Amon: "You already know that."

Marwin: "You really are Night-Owl? The Night-Owl? The security camera hack?"

Amon nodded slowly.

Marwin: "Wow.
I've learned so much from you.
How long have you been here?"

Amon: "Two years, ten days, five hours."

Marwin: "Shit.
Then they took you the same day as me.
Berlin?

Amon nodded again.

Marwin: "Boah.
Berlin is a big city.
If I'd known Night-Owl was in Berlin... Wow."

Amon: "At that time I thought so too, wow, Berlin.
But this is different now..."

Marwin: "Different?"

Amon: "I don't want this anymore, I don't want that out there either.
It's all so fucked up."

Marwin: "They want to let me out!
I think today.
Not you?"

Amon: "Forget it.
They're tricks.
They've let me out three times already.
I signed papers, promised that I wouldn't say anything - until the end of my life, otherwise they would bring this end of life forward.
That's exactly what they said.
And all I wanted was to get out.
I would have signed everything ... And then I stood three times already outside at the bus stop, with all my things and then came no bus but a jeep and they got me again.
I'll say anything they want me to say... It doesn't matter anyway."

Marwin: "You have to keep something.
Something they don't have.
The truth.
You mustn't lie!
Then you take her side..."

Amon held his hands in front of his face: "I can't do this anymore.
I'm going crazy here.
Of course I'll take her side when I get out of here."

Marwin took his hand: "Don't lie!
Otherwise, you're really going crazy.
They're crazy because they lie so much.
Lying makes me crazy."

Tears rolled from Amon's cheeks.
He just let her go, didn't wipe her off.

Marwin: "What did they tell you to do here?
With me?"

Amon didn't react.

Marwin: "You know this is a game.
They always play games.
Come on, write it here on the note and cover it with your hand."

Amon looked briefly in the direction of the surveillance camera in front of him and then took the note.

Amon wrote, "I don't know.
They said you went crazy and didn't want to get out of here.
And you need someone to talk to."

Marwin read the note and looked at him confused.
Amon shrugged his shoulders.

Amon wrote, "Don't you want to get out?"

Marwin: "Of course I want to get out of here.
But there's some lazy game going on.
You're acting all twisted.
Probably because of Marlene."

"Marlene? Marlene Farras?" wrote Amon.

Marwin nodded and wrote, "My sister."

Amon: "What?? Marlene ... is your sister?
Sweet.
I played with her at a hackaton once.
She's so fast."

Marwin: "She hacked a TAO computer two years ago.
I guess that's why I'm here."

Amon: "She's here too?"

Marwin: "No.
She's free.
Still.
After two years!
Cool, isn't it?"

Amon: "How do you know?"

Marwin said out loud, "I know it."

Then he took the paper and stuffed it in his mouth.

Marwin swallowed it and grinned: "It's not even bad for the stomach.
Now they have two, three hours to get it out if they want to read any more of it."

Amon had to laugh.
"It's so good to have a man in front of you," he thought.
"I almost forgot what it was like."

Marwin said at normal volume: "Night-Owl, when we get out of here, we'll do a hack together - No, no, fun ... We'll be good."

Marwin wrote on the next sheet: "We have already made one together.
Your 'Bachelor thesis', that's what you used to call him.
But please, don't write my real name."

Amon laughed all over his face.
"You?
It was you?
Wow. Wow.
I always wanted to meet you for real.
That was so awesome in there.
They didn't stand a chance against us at all.
Not a trace."

Marwin: "Not a bit!"
Tears came to his eyes.

Amon: "Geil!"

Amon pushed the paper away and said: "Why do they do something like this? Why are they locking us up? Why are they yelling at us, hitting us with squares of wood against our heads, withdrawing our light, telling us that our family is being murdered? Why do they seem to let us go, not let us sleep and give us broken computers with fake internet? What's the matter with you? Why are there such assholes?"

Marwin: "They know nothing of our world.
They know nothing of what it means to live according to one's own ideas and not according to what others command or pretend or have persuaded them to do.
They think it's naive when people want to stand on their own ground.
They think it's naive if they don't adapt to the system, that they can't do anything anymore, that they get a bad resume that says they can't be relied on or that they don't work well.
They don't think they could live without a resume like that.
They couldn't afford a house anymore or a car, a family, if they didn't do a job where someone told them what to do.
It's so sick.
They are adult people and they think they have to bow, otherwise their lives won't work out."

Amon: "This is really sick!
And we haven't hurt anybody.
Not really.
There's no harm in turning off or converting a few thousand surveillance cameras, or using the giant advertising displays for a few days to play Tetris.
Do they have to lock us up for this?
Okay, I hacked the V people database at the BND.
That was stupid.
That's when they went wild.
But I had such a fucking rage because so many people around me get money to listen to me.
And it would be better for humanity if all the V people were to become public.
And for her, too.
It's a shitty job."

Marwin: "You had the V people database?
Oh, shit.
Why didn't you pass it on?
I'd have liked to have that, too."

Amon: "I only had the file encrypted with VeraCrypt.
But I had already installed a small guard program on the BND computer, which sends me the password as soon as someone had opened it.
But nobody has, not in two months."

Marwin: "I really would have had a few questions for this database in Berlin ..."

Amon: "So did I.
Now I don't care.
And you're really not here for your own hack?"

Marwin took the sheet and wrote: "I don't think so.
I didn't get any questions about the things I was in on."

Amon said out loud, "Shit! They're just shit."

A door opened and a soldier appeared.

Soldier: "Night-Owl, resign!"

Amon rose and followed him outside.
Marwin closed his eyes and said quietly, "Shit! That was a trick."
He distorted his face, wiped the tears from his eyes and then stuffed the leaf into his mouth.


{{{en/047_2064_Special_Command.md}}}

## **2064** Special Command

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">In the games lab.</span> Lasse and Sigur stood opposite each other with light balls on their heads in front of the floating monitors.

Let Sigur say, "Do you sleep too?"

Sigur: "Yes.
I'm dreaming.
But nothing special.
Quite nicely done by TRON.
Nice and colorful.
You?

Lasse: "With me suddenly everything turned black.
That's funny.
Totally dark.
I can only hear a wobbling sound, very quiet.
A little like drugs.
But I can't see anything.
It's all dark black.
Smelling and tasting are gone too."

Sigur: "Hmmm.
All gone?
I haven't had that yet.
I don't know, I don't know.
Now something seems to be happening to me.
Dream images change.
Whoa.
"It's so gross."

Edgar, your communications and movement teacher came in the door.
Both of them turned to him.
He put his finger on his mouth and told them to keep playing.
He went to Sigur, stood close to him and laid his hand on his shoulder.

Sigur: "Is there anything blatant coming?"

Edgar: "You can just keep playing.
Yes.
It's gonna get a little weird.
You can go all the way in.
I'm here."

Sigur breathed deeply and delved into his dreams.

It was 5:45.
Fortunato sat down alone in the living room of the beach apartment and turned a magic cube.
He listened to a soft sound of a prolonged vehicle.
He rose, went to the front door and opened it quietly.
Seven men from a task force entered the apartment fully equipped with assault rifles at the ready.
The last one carried two big medicine cases.
Fortunato led them quietly up the stairs.

Fortunato to the group leader: "Right is Lasse.
Left Sigur.
Lasse is in deep sleep, I gave him gas.
Sigur sleeps normally."

The group leader quietly opened the right door and made a sign to the last soldier. He carried the medicine cases into the room.
He knelt next to Lasse and checked his breath and pulse.
Then he turned Lasse's head to the side and put some kind of vaccination gun on the back of his head.
He closed his eyes and pulled the trigger.
Another short, dangerous-sounding "Plick", he put the pistol to one side, wiped away with a small cloth the blood that came out of the tiny wound.
He stuck wound glue on the spot.
Then he reached into the suitcase and pulled out a hand-sized device with a screen.
He turned it on, pulled out two antennas and briefly observed the pulsating signals that appeared on the screen.
He gave the squad leader a sign that everything was okay.

The group leader turned to Sigur's door and counted down from three with his fingers.
At zero, the first soldier entered the door and four more stormed into the room with a loud roar.
Two soldiers brutally turned Sigur on his stomach and fixed his arms behind his back with plastic cuffs.
One soldier held his weapon directly to Sigur's head, another held a strong lamp in his face.
Sigur blinked his eyes.
He had a numb feeling in his head, the light, the screams, the brutal hands on his arms and legs, the many soldiers around him, all that was not quite there for him yet.
Then he heard a voice calling from afar:

Group leader: "Mr. Alvas!
Mr. Alvas!
Can you hear me?"

Sigur turned his head to him and looked at him with one eye.

"Mr. Alvas!", the group leader took a chair and sat next to him.
"Listen to me!
Do you hear me?
Nod when you hear me!"

Sigur didn't react.
One of the two soldiers holding him turned his arm.
Sigur moaned painfully and tried to nod.

Group leader: "Okay.
Mr. Alvas, you've done some very stupid things.
You're supposed to know you're stepping on people's toes who won't let you get away with this.
Maybe you just ignored it, maybe you didn't.
Whatever.
If you believed that you could fuck us with impunity, that you could penetrate security systems with impunity and take them over, then you were wrong.
Obviously.
Because I'm here now."

Sigur in pain: "Who are you?"

The group leader gave a sign to a soldier next to him and he hit Sigur firmly on the head with his hand.
Sigur screamed.

Group leader: "_ICH_ ask the questions.
They wait and give answers.
- I could ask you a few questions now to find out a little more about what you've done.
Unfortunately, we have no known gaps in your knowledge.
We know what we want to know about you.
And that's a lot.
I'm not here to ask questions.
I'm here to make a deal with you.
Naturally, in the situation we find ourselves in, the deal will be rather one-sided.
There won't be many advantages on your side, but at least one:
You'll survive this.
Otherwise it's more of a commitment.
But you'll sign anyway.
Not with a pen, not on paper, and not yourself.
We'll do that for you.
And it's in your body with a little ball like that.
You see?"

He held a bead about five millimeters in diameter in front of Sigur's face.
He had turned away and didn't react.
He received another blow to the head and then turned to the group leader.

Group leader: "Such a bead, a marvel of technology and a nice invention from our torture chambers, ah, excuse me, from our rooms for advanced interrogation techniques.
There's a radio controller built in and a multifunction processor.
And we programmed it to do two things first and foremost.
First, it reports your whereabouts and other body data such as heartbeat, blood pressure, etc. on request.
and second, he can burst the capsule at any time, and then about half a gram of potassium cyanide, which is prussic acid, enters her body.
Thereupon you experience a death struggle lasting about one to two hours.
This is one of the most unpleasant there is.
Oh yes, and if you should come up with the idea of going into a room shielded from radio interference: After about twenty minutes without radio contact, the capsule also opens.
She needs contact with us.
We always want to know where you are and how you are."

Sigur tried to free himself, tore his shoulders back and forth, kicked his legs.
The soldiers forced him onto the bed.
He almost lost consciousness in pain.

Group leader: "We can do this with pain, or relatively unspectacular.
Your choice.
What do you want, sir?
Hmm?" He gave another sign and the soldiers turned Sigur violently on his back.
They fixed his body to the bed with wide adhesive strips.
The soldier with the medicine case came, put it in front of Sigur and opened it.
Then he took a chair, sat down and took out a syringe.
He stabbed her in the side of Sigur's stomach.

Soldier: "This is a local anesthetic.
You won't feel any pain."

He opened Sigur's pants and pulled up his shirt to expose his stomach.
Sigur fidgeted.
Then he saw the medical soldier stab once into his belly with a long, slender scalpel and then press a ball into the bleeding gap with a pair of tweezers.
Sigur estimated about four to five inches deep.
Then the medical soldier desolated the wound with a pen and wiped away the blood.

Medical soldier: "You'll have a few days of pain, a bruise, but it won't be life-threatening.
The capsule has small barbs that make it impossible to pull it out without breaking the barbs.
If they abort, the cyanide will also leak.
So be careful with that.
A punch in the stomach or sport, however, is not enough.
The hooks react very flexibly to pressure.
Only pulling doesn't work.
You better not do yoga."

Sigur got sick.
He wanted to vomit.
His body twitched back and forth.
He himself had actually already given up.
But the body still resisted.
He could just turn his head to the side before the gush of vomit splashed out of his mouth and hit the floor in front of the bed and the group leader.
He jumped up.

Group leader: "Devil!
Watch your step!"
A soldier hit Sigur on the head again.

Group leader: "That's disgusting!
Uah."
He looked at himself from top to bottom and then took the towel that the medical soldier handed him.
He started wiping himself with it.
"Piece of shit."

The medical soldier took out the measuring device again, checked the measurement data of the bead in Sigur's stomach and then wrapped it up again.

Medical soldier: "Ready!" He threw the rest of the stuff into the suitcases, closed them and left the room.
The other soldiers followed him.
The group leader was the last to stand alone in the room, looking at Sigur:
"Don't fuck around, we'll be watching you.
Three men will be watching your monitor around the clock."

Then he taped tape on Sigur's mouth and left the room.

A few hours later, Lasse woke up.
He heard strange noises from the next room.
His head boomed like after an excessive beer evening, at least that's how he imagined it, because he had never really been drunk before.
He stood up and felt a pulling pain in his head.
He staggered.

"What's the matter?" he thought.
He went to Sigur's door, opened it and found him tied to the bed, with his head red, wriggling.
Lasse jumped to him, tore the tape from his mouth and opened the plastic cuffs with a knife he found in Sigur's backpack.

Sigur straightened up and sat down on the edge of the bed.
He breathed heavily.
"They bugged me.
I have a capsule in my stomach.
You said there was cyanide in it."

Lasse: "Oh, shit.
God, no.
He sat next to him.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Who was that?"

Sigur: "A Swat team with doctors: five to eight people.
I can't remember.
It was like a movie."

Lasse: "But they didn't take you with them!"

Sigur: "No, apparently not."

You heard a soft whimper from the lower floor.
They both listened.

Lasse: "Where is Fortunato anyway?
Was he there?"

Sigur: "Sure.
But I didn't see him."

Lasse looked carefully around the corner, down the stairs into the living room.
Fortunato lay on one of the armchairs, tied to his hands and feet, with tape over his mouth and a similar red head as Sigur.
Lasse ran there and freed him.
Fortunato let himself sink into the armchair and rubbed his arms.
Sigur joined in, and so the group sat around the living room table like the night before.

Fortunato, breathing heavily: "With you we experience things!"

Lasse and Sigur looked at each other.
Sigur closed his eyes, shook his head slightly and hissed to Lasse: "I just want to get out of here."
Lasse nodded.

Fortunato: "I haven't had a raid in five years!
I know people here.
Nobody's raiding my place.
They were Americans."

Lasse: "That wasn't a raid.
It was an intelligence operation."
He and Fortunato looked at each other.
Lasse looked at the living room clock.
"12:15.
Shit.
Our plane's gone."

Fortunato: "When did he leave?"

Lasse: "He leaves at 12:35."

Fortunato: "Do you still want to fly?
You want to get out of here?
I could do that."

"Yeah, get out of here," Sigur said with a dark face.

Lasse: "But it's not enough anyway.
We have to go there and check in and..."

Fortunato: "The airport is just around the corner, 30 minutes.
I'll postpone departure by an hour.
Then you won't have to hurry."

Lasse looked at him.
Sigur nodded and Fortuanto grabbed the phone and phoned with three different locations.

Fortunato: "Taxi arrives in 10 minutes.
Guys, are you all right?
You look finished, Sigur."

Sigur: "Everything's okay.
I'll get my things."

10 minutes later the taxi honked in front of the door, Lasse and Sigur left the apartment with their backpacks on their backs.
Lasse turned around and waved briefly.

Fortunato let himself fall into an armchair and breathed deeply: "What an excitement!
It's always the same with gringos."
He shook his head.
"First a mate and then check the shop to see what's happened."
He grabbed his tablet and shouted in astonishment: "Hej!
622 Bitcoins!
Since yesterday afternoon.
Whoa!
This thing's running."

He took another deep breath and entered the password for his Bitcoin safe.

/// In the playroom ///

Edgar took his hand off Sigur's shoulder and left the room without a word.


{{{en/048_2064_Let's leave.md}}}

## **2064**** Let's get out of here!

In a cab.

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">"Stop the car!" screamed</span> Lasse to the driver.
Sigur choked next to him.
He opened the door, stumbled out and vomited.
Then he crouched for a few moments on the spot.
Lasse came from behind and picked him up: "Come, think something, when we really get out of here, sit in the plane, home ... come, a little more ..." He pulled him into a cab.

Sigur was as white as chalk, his eyes blacked out.
He kept clenching his fists and shaking his head.

Lasse: "Come on, hang in there, ten more minutes."

The driver did not drive to the main entrance of the airport, but through a service lock.
A man with a baggage car was waiting for her behind it.
Lasse and Sigur took their backpacks and climbed onto the wagon.
The man handed them a bottle of water without a word, which Sigur liked to take, nodded to them and drove them straight to their gate, where a steward was waiting at the stairs.

Steward: "No suitcases?
All the easier.
Follow me."

They went up the stairs together, nobody seemed to care about them.
Lasse and Sigur found a place on a bench in front of the gate counter and dropped onto the bench.
Back in the normal world.
People waiting for a flight, immersed in smartphones, one had a laptop with Facebook.
The display above the flight switch said:

Expected departure time: 13:35.

Lasse shook his head and said quietly, "Fortunato."

Sigur leaned his head against Lasse's shoulder and closed his eyes.

"Sigur has never done this before," Lasse thought and put his arm around him.

After about three quarters of an hour the flight was called.
They stood in line in front of the gate switch.
Lasse showed ID and ticket, was waved through.
Sigur was about to do the same when a man in a suit grabbed his shoulder from behind.
Sigur turned into panic.
Two giant security guards stood in front of him, bodybuilders with buttons and curled ears.
Another one walked with big steps towards Lasse, who had turned around.

Security guard to Sigur: "We still have a few questions."

Sigur held his breath, panicked and thought, "Where's an escape route?" He looked left and right.
But the second security guard was already behind him and grabbed him firmly by the shoulder.

Second security guard: "Come with me, please."

Lasse stormed off towards Sigur, but the security guard in front of him intercepted him.
In the arms of the security guard, he stared panically in the direction in which Sigur had just been taken away, but he could not get away.

Third security guard: "Easy!
Shut up! Shut up!
It's no use anyway.
Get on the plane!
There's nothing for you here."
Lasse tried everything to get away.
He yelled at him, but the man held him tight.
Only when the other two men with Sigur had disappeared behind a door did he let him go.
Lasse ran towards the door and shook the handle.
No one seemed to notice him.
Only a few passengers looked in astonishment as they passed by.


{{{en/049_2022_By a lake in Tasmania.md}}}

## **2022** By a lake in Tasmania

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene sat on </span> a jetty at a beach in Tasmania.
Her feet let her dangle in the water.
She was wearing a big sun hat.
The evening sun bathed everything in a warm light.
In front of her, a boat tied to the jetty rocked on the waves.
From the hill behind her, two men came up to her.

"Here, this way... Fred? Was that Fred?"

Hans pointed down the small hill towards the lake where Marlene was sitting.
A beaten track led right there.

Fred: "Fred, yes!
- That's Marina?"

Hans nodded.


Fred: "Can I surprise her alone?
We haven't seen each other in a long time."

"Sure," Hans said.
"Then I'll start with dinner once already.
Today we do ... let's think ...
Casserole with aubergines, courgettes, sweet potatoes and cheese.
All own cultivation.
You'll like it."

He turned around and disappeared up the hill.

Fred sneaked quietly down the beaten path.
He looked at Marlene the whole time and didn't want to make any noise at all.
When he was three meters behind her, he stopped.
She suddenly turned around, but was not frightened, as Fred had suspected, but smiled, swallowed, smiled again and held her hand in front of her mouth.

Marlene: "Fred!!!" She jumped up and fell around his neck.
"Fred!
You're here, you're here!
Great!" They hugged each other for a long time and then sat down together on the jetty.

Fred: "And, tell me... how about you right now?"

Marlene: "Totally nice here.
Hans is so great.
He's lived in this spot for forty years.
He's from Germany.
His father thought in the 70's that a catastrophe was imminent in Europe and moved here with the whole family.
He has a mini hostel here and together with his wife he grows almost everything they eat.
All organic, of course.
And I'm helping him now.
I'm an exchange student.
I've learnt a lot of things: how to hack properly with a real hack, you know?"
She moved her hand.
"I can stay here as long as I want.
I work here, get food, a bed, internet and a little pocket money.
A lot of people do that here in Tasmania.
They come from all over the world and spend a few weeks, a few months or a year here."

Fred: "You're not afraid?"

Marlene shook her head.
"Not at all.
I got out of Saudi Arabia super as a second wife in burka on a ship.
A distant relative of Achmed, in the 18th century.
In the 19th century they had a common great-great-great-great-great-great-grandfather, took me along with his real wife to Indonesia.
There I became a backpack tourist, with a passport that I still had from Marwin, and then I hitchhiked to Tasmania.
Hans here is an uncle around a corner from a Darknet hacker who has an office job in his normal life, nothing at all with computer programming.
You've seen each other once in the last forty years.
But best of all, Tasmania.
The island is about as big as Bavaria, same climate, but has only half a million inhabitants, 7 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Everybody knows everybody here.
And not much is happening here.
If anyone's looking for anyone here, they all know it right away.
This is exciting for the people here.
So if CIA guys show up around here, I know that before they even get to the house.
And I told Hans that I was being followed by a jealous friend who should never find out that I was here.
He said, "No problem, he'll tell me everything he hears right away."

Fred shook his head slowly: "Typically Marlene.
You hide in public where everyone can see you.
That's your thing.
I would have thought of a big city, Mexico City, anonymous skyscraper development.
But you go where everyone sees you.
Great!"

Marlene: "Hey, and once a week Hans and I go out by boat and get oysters.
Fresh oysters with lemon, you know what that tastes like?
Hmmmm.
You have to try that ...
But you say now.
I'm so excited, it's tearing me apart.
Did you bring anything?
You just wanted my address in the last pond message."

Fred: "I only wanted your address because I wanted to talk to you directly about everything else."

Marlene looked at him expectantly, "So you got it?"

Fred nodded and pulled a USB stick out of his pocket.

Marlene put her hands in front of her face and squeaked "Jiiiiiiiiiihhhhhhaaaa." She jumped up and danced around Fred, dropped next to him, kissed him on the cheek and took the stick: "On here?" She looked at him.

Fred nodded again.

Marlene held the stick by hand and pressed it against her chest: "How much?"

Fred: "A terabyte, like you said."

Marlene rolled a tear down her cheeks: "Cool.
So awesome.
Have you seen what's inside?"

Fred nodded.

Marlene: "And?"

Fred: "I've already sorted a lot.
It's a disaster.
Unbelievable.
MacOSX has seventeen different backdoors in all current versions.
It's a piece of cake to get anywhere with it.
Perfect for script kiddies.
Each student can hack into the biggest companies with the codes and read and delete everything and steal and change.
There are things for all operating systems: Windows, Linux, for all programs, for all computers.
They have their own department for hard disk rear doors, which are already on the manufacturer's list, every major manufacturer.
Almost every hard drive you can buy comes with a back door that works no matter what operating system you install.
It's a bit like Intel's AMT, just for hard drives and secret.
I tell you, the Internet is a giant Swiss cheese, and rats are climbing all over it."

Marlene: "Tails?
Goal?"

Fred nodded.

Marlene: "Shit.
Bad?"

Fred nodded again: "Not as bad as Windows and MacOS encryption, but there's something to do ..."

Marlene: "Pond, Ricochet, VeraCrypt?"

Fred: "Pond and Ricochet actually seem to be difficult for them, VeraCrypt a few little things, but nothing really critical.
It is clear that the NSA wanted to shut down the predecessor Truecrypt.
It's really good."

Marlene: "Okay.
I've thought a lot about it.
First we send the relevant vulnerabilities to the Tails-, to the Tor-Team, to the GPG-Project, OTR.
We need secure channels for the rest of things.
They will then, if necessary, also pass some on to the Linux teams.
So, first we close down our software, then we can start to inaugurate larger circles so they can patch the gaps.
Next, everything in the Linux and BSD worlds.
It will be an incredible amount of work, but at least now everyone knows what to look for.
If you have a template, it's a hundred times easier to fill a gap.
We need to figure out how much time we're gonna give them.
We can't wait too long."

Fred: "And MacOSX and Windows?
Smartphones?
IOS, Android?"

Marlene: "No advance warning!
They'll see the loopholes if we get this out there.
It's not free software.
They put in a lot of back doors themselves."

Fred: "No warning?
You can't do that.
Most computers and smartphones use these operating systems.
Billions of people.
If you don't give the developers time to fix the holes, you get chaos, then ... Puhhh.
No!
I'm serious.
Then every 12-year-old can use a small program to get into the BND and delete files.
Imagine that.
Every ex-girlfriend can look at the ex-girlfriend on her smartphone, read everything, delete, change, send messages in her name ... and vice versa.
You can hack into all Facebook and WhatsApp accounts, do online banking for others, go shopping for others... And there are enough people out there who will do it."

Marlene shook her head: "I had plenty of time to think about it.
The way they took the Snowden releases.
Most data have still not been published.
And there's hammers in it.
No.
No warning!
Not a minute.
Only if they first publish a list of all the backdoors they have built in themselves, take them out, and publish the complete source code of their programs."

Fred shook his head: "They never do that!
You have no idea what..."

Marlene interrupted: "We need chaos.
Otherwise it won't work.
We can't get through if we put the thread in their hands.
Not even a piece of it.
You hate chaos."

Fred set out to say something, but pulled back.

Marlene: "I will tell you what plan I have developed since Saudi Arabia.
It's a risk, but it'll work.
But first of all we need peace and quiet.
We'll make enough mistakes, so we need calm, clear thinking.
The plan has to be great.
But we're not starting that today.
Today you have arrived here, today there is casserole, I guess, today is a beautiful sunset, for the first time with you.
And I don't even know how it went, how you got the stick, how Anita is doing, how she got the data out."

Fred started to say something again, raised his finger, stopped and laughed: "You are unbelievable!
We've got the biggest thing since Snowden, much more dangerous than Snowden, the Collateral Murder video and the war logs of Chelsea Manning combined, and you're thinking casserole."

"Yes," she nodded.
"That's important, too.
And dessert.
Hans makes a great Tiramisu.
"Let's go, then I'll show you the garden where the things we'll eat are from."


{{{en/050_2022_Sharing is Caring.md}}}

## **2022**** Sharing is Caring

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene and Fred</span> in a room in the attic of Hans' wooden house.
There were four laptops on the floor and the desk.
They both sat and typed.

Fred: "Good Internet here.
How do you conceal using Tor?
It might be noticeable if someone in the middle of nowhere suddenly sends a lot of goal data to the Internet, and Australia is not exactly a private-sphere friendly country."

Marlene: "Quite normal: via Tor Plugable Transports.
There you can choose from a whole range of how you want to go into the goal net.
And change again and again.
I'm in the process of building my own entrance.
But now I mostly use the web or Skype option: Either it looks like I'm surfing normally or I'm skyyping with someone, but in reality I'm getting and sending gate data.
Teenagers abroad surf and Skype a lot.
And the operators who are responsible for this at the NSA have to take a closer look.
They're mostly snorers, I think.
Who does such a job?
Analyze Skype data?
You can't be there with your heart."

Fred: "Yes, they want to be all-powerful, huge, untouchable, so that you don't even get the idea of messing with them.
But these are mostly unmotivated civil servants in a giant apparatus.
Lunch break and holiday account are more important than a few hackers at the other end of the world.
And with that attitude, they can't find us.
- Okay. (laughs)
Data is ready.
I'm ready.
Who's first?"

Marlene: "As I said: Tor, Tails, Cubes, Subgraph, GPG and OTR.
We send the weaknesses of all your projects to you.
I've already warned the core people:
There's an earthquake coming, and a deluge.
They know exactly what happens if the information goes to the wrong people right now.
And they also know how to prevent it."

Fred: "Are we sending everything?"

Marlene nodded: "Yes, of course, everything about her projects.
Exactly the list you made.
It is important that there are no more gaps in the programs before things get really big.
We must be able to communicate."

Fred: "How much time do we give them?"

Marlene: "Let them say that themselves.
Three days, I guess."

Fred: "Three days?!
Are you out of your mind?
How can they fill the gaps in three days?"

Marlene: "With the six projects there are not so many.
They know exactly what to look for.
They are highly active in the project when security gaps occur and react immediately.
But we ask them.
You won't say much more than three days.
I'm still writing that we're under time pressure."

Fred: "And after that?
Here I have an info package for different Linux variants, for BSD, one for Mozilla, especially Firefox and Thunderbird, Pidgin, KeePassX and a few more."

Marlene: "Yes, that sounds good.
I now have a lot of current Ricochet addresses from all kinds of teams.
We will send them as soon as the vulnerabilities in the base programs are gone and we all have the new versions.
These teams need more time.
That's a lot of stuff.
And then let's get on with all the other Linuxe, Libre Office and hardware things."

Fred: "Lots of work."

Marlene: "Yes."

She's typing on her laptop.
"Okay, so... the messages to the first six teams are out.
I think we'll get a quick answer.
Now tell me, how was it with Anita and the terabyte?"

Fred: "Yes! Anita and the terabyte.
It's a story.
So, after the meeting with everyone: I get your pond message, which you also sent to Anita, and fall off the chair.
I hadn't really meant that with the Raspberry Pi in the chat: you could do it.
Then I get up again, breathe deeply, sit upright and write the Raspberry program.
Not so difficult.
Three quarters of an hour.
Then I test it with a few thousand QR codes, it's okay, make an image of it and send it via Pond to Anita.
No answer, just a normal pond acknowledge.
She got it.
Good, good, good.
Next, 22 hours 10 minutes later, I get a message that the files are safe on two 1TB sticks with the question of how to deliver them.
I fall from my chair for the second time, crawl out again, sit upright again and continue reading.
She writes she may be followed by NSA people.
Her suggestion is that she gives a stick in a restroom to the toilet attendant there who has been sitting there for 10, 15 years for sure.
She gives her 50 dollars and says that a man will come to her home who will give her another 50 dollars for the stick.
She gave me the woman's house address and said that she usually arrives at home at 6:20 pm.
Well, Anita must know that.
She's with NSA..."

Marlene: "Shit.
Did NSA surveillance help us with this operation now?"

Fred: "Never mind ...
So I'm going there at 6:30.
She opens the door, looks at me from top to bottom, turns around and gets the stick.
I give her 50 bucks and she says 100 bucks!
I close my eyes, wait two seconds and then get another $50 bill out of my pocket.
She makes a face at all this, as if she had just drowned a group of young poodles for fun.
She takes the two bills and gives me the stick.
I've got him in my hand.
My hand's starting to tingle.
I go back into my car and first have to breathe deeply and sit upright again.
And then I'm going straight home.
That's it."

Marlene laughed: "Geil.
Nice.
A toilet attendant."

"Pling," it came from Marlene's laptop.
"Roger answered: Three days!
I told you.
They're great boys!
It's so good that they exist."

Fred: "And girls.
Well, they're all at work now.
There's no lights going out for three days now.
You bet your ass you do."

Marlene: "And they rejoice like snow kings ... finally some real data."

Fred: "They dance in circles..."

Marlene: "Christmas and birthday in one day."


{{{en/051_2023_Linda.md}}}

## **2023**** Linda

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marwin sat alone</span> with a dark face in the conference room.
All the paper ships and planes lay crumpled together on a pile in front of him.
The door opened.
The woman who had been in the room before came in and sat down where Night-Owl had been before.
Marwin ignored her as best he could.
She was silent and looked at him.

After a while, Marwin asked, "Have you Night-Owl now also a leg sawed off?"

The woman breathed deeply.

"Linda," she said, "I'm Linda."
She reached out her hand to him.

He looked at her hand in disbelief, then at her.

Marwin: "You know, this is already a strange gesture here.
And I'm not being sarcastic.
Since when do you treat someone like me as a human being?"

She withdrew her hand because Marwin made no sign of taking it.

Linda: "I always treat humans as humans.
For me, all people are on the same level."

Marwin swallowed.

Linda: "That's what the American Constitution says.
And that means a lot to me.
That's why I'm doing my job here.
I grew up with the Constitution.
My father is a senator."

Marwin: "When the American Constitution was written, it applied to all people - except slaves, indigenous people and ... Women.
Women were not meant by the constitution at all.
It's written for white men.
So maybe for me, but not for you.
Women were not even allowed to vote then, let alone study or decide where they wanted to live."

Linda: "Things develop further, also in society.
And without the Constitution, our society wouldn't have developed this way.
It was a good foundation.
We humans make mistakes and learn from them.
And who knows, it was a different time.
Maybe I would have been very happy as a housewife at that time, even without being able to vote.
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
With children around me, and without this daily fight in the office, without competition, without constant pressure.
And without having to argue with narrow-minded officers..."

Marwin: "They fought with the colonel.
Isn't it?"

Linda: "Yes.
I did.
We don't always agree.
Rare even."

Marwin: "You in the administration have disputes everywhere, you usually disagree, you spy on each other, suspect each other, fight for posts, make others bad, intrigue ...".

Linda: "Not everyone does that.
But there are such people.
So are big administrations and also big companies even.
I've also seen some companies from the inside.
Somehow it's the same everywhere.
The bad news is, we only have one world and it's not perfect.
We can take the world as it is, try our best, or we can dream of a better world and rebel against the only one we really have, despise and destroy it."

Marwin: "Or we can take the world as it is, not despise it, not want to destroy it and at the same time dream of a better one.
We can all change the things we can change and all the rest dream as much as we can.
With all our might.
Until these things finally change.
Or we can give up and bow to the current world order because there is nothing we can do about it anyway.
Fall to your knees, bow down, do everything that she wants us to do, say everything that she wants us to say and explain to ourselves that we only have one world."

Linda: "Marwin, you said earlier that we don't know anything about your world, that we don't know what it means to live according to your own ideas.
What did you mean by that?
What's your world?
What do you mean by that?"

Marwin, played amazed: "Ohh!
You listened to us?"

Linda's face turned a little red.

Linda: "This is an interrogation room. Didn't you realize that?"

Marwin moaned, "It's not about whether I know it or not.
Of course I knew that.
It's a good way for people to interact if you don't listen when others are having a private conversation.
That's normal for you at your house.
You see your daughter when you have one, you talk to a friend on the sofa, both are concentrated, it's obviously something important, then you don't go and sit next to it or put a microphone on and listen.
You don't do that."

Linda: "We're in a prison here."

Marwin: "I don't care!
I'm still human.
I don't care if we're in a prison or a sauna or a hacker's room at 3:00 in the morning.
When someone eavesdrops on someone else, when they talk to someone personally, they do not treat them as human beings, they violate their privacy.
And that's a fundamental right, a human right.
Then he also shits on his own constitution."

Linda: "There are rules that we have given ourselves as society.
And which allow fundamental rights to be restricted in certain situations.
Someone's got to do the job of making people play by the rules.
It's a fact that there are people who don't stick to it.
And I'm doing my job here.
I didn't choose the rules.
You can't come into a community and disobey all the rules.
Soon there will be no community.
I can try to influence the rules, make them more human.
But as long as they're in force, I'll stick to them."

Marwin: "You must not abide by them if they violate the constitution.
That's what the Constitution says."

Linda: "What's wrong with the Constitution?"

Marwin: "Listening.
That's against freedom of speech.
If anyone listens, it's restricting the freedom of speech.
People speak differently when they know someone is listening.
A violation of the first appendix to your constitution."

Linda: "Not in a prison.
And besides, you're not American.
The situation's different again.
The Constitution applies to American citizens."

Marwin was silent.
Linda looked at him and looked at him.

Linda: "You can't expect in all seriousness that in a prison..."

Marwin interrupted them: "You said earlier that you always treat all people as human beings."

Linda: "Hey.
You mean I don't treat you as a human being when I talk to you like that and then mention something I heard earlier?"

Marwin: "Exactly."

Linda: "Fuck!"

Marwin: "You don't treat me as a human being if you make a difference between Americans and non-Americans in terms of their human rights.
Whether in former times the slaves, natives and women were not meant in the constitution, or whether today all non-Americans are not meant, is exactly the same.
You can't treat me as a foreigner and a human being at the same time.
You can't do that.
It's racist or nationalist, it's not human, I'm not treated as human."

Linda: "The way I'm talking to you now, the way I'm open, the way I'm free, nobody's ever spoken to you here before, right?
Not all those two years.
Can't you see the difference?
I'm open with you.
I really want to know something from you.
They out there think you're stupid or crazy or something.
I know you're not.
Don't you think you could appreciate that?
I mean, I'm making an effort here..."

Marwin: "We are not on the same plane.
You have the right to walk out of here at any time.
Not me."

He stood up and walked with normal steps towards the door.
The soldier at the door met him and stood in his way.
Marwin tried to slip past him, but he grabbed him and looked at him threateningly.
Marwin strolled back to his seat.

Marwin: "And now you.
See if he makes a difference with you."

Linda had a red streak on her face.

Marwin: "And remember, you think I'm innocent.
You mean I didn't do anything to be here.
Well, I'm innocent and I'm being treated differently from you.
And you don't do anything about it, you think it's normal.
That's the rules you follow."

Linda louder: "I have come here so that we can find a way how you can get out of here.
You know what I mean?
I want to change the rules.
But you obviously don't want to get out.
And I finally want to understand why not.
And I want to understand what you meant by your world earlier."

Marwin: "You want to find a way?
I know the way out." He got up again and walked towards the door.
Linda grabbed him by the arm and pointed him back to his seat.

Linda: "There are rules and if we don't look at them, you'll never get out of here."

Marwin: "Can you turn off the microphone?
Or is that one of those rules you can't break?"

Linda thought for a moment, got up, left the room and came back a minute later.

Linda: "It's over."

Marwin breathed deeply.
"That feels good.
And these three still here?" He showed around the room.

Linda: "Okay!" She told the soldiers to leave the room.

Linda: "Okay.
They're outside.
We're alone.
Now tell me, why don't you want to get out of here?"

Marwin: "I don't want to get out of here because you want to find Marlene through me.
I don't want to get out of here because I want nothing better than to see her again, hug her, then pat her on the back that she managed to survive.
Escape the fucking NSA and the CIA, and they're asking what she's put together in the meantime to fuck her.
And then I would listen to all the stories and be happy about it like a snow king.
Then we would sit together on some Berlin roof, drink a mate and watch the sunset.
Oh, shit.
But I can't go to her because then you follow me and I put her in danger.
And I can't stand walking out and not seeing Marlene.
That's why I don't want to go.
Otherwise, I'd love to go wherever I want, meet people, do exciting things with them that just come to mind, maybe cook together, program a game again or hack something else".

Linda: "We don't want to find Marlene through you.
I can guarantee you that.
We want..." She stopped.
"Marlene, she's... we want..." Linda stopped again, packed up her papers and left the room.

Marwin looked after her with his mouth open.


{{{en/052_2022_And go.md}}}

## **2022** And go ...

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Three weeks later.</span>

Marlene: "It feels good, the new gate.
Also Cubes OS.
So free.
And Tails.
Much less vermin... madness of what's happened in the last three weeks."

Fred: "You feel that?"

Marlene: "I think so.
Maybe it's imagination, but somehow when I put my fingers over the keyboard - it's different.
It feels fresh.
Yes, definitely, it feels more open."
She giggled.

Fred: "Marlene!" He looked at her with a serious expression.
"Marlene!"

Marlene looked back seriously, "Yes."

Fred: "I think it's time."

Marlene: "Yeah, I think so, too."

Fred: "And you're sure this is how you do it?
I mean, really consistent."

Marlene: "There's no other way.
The coarsest holes in the free programs are stuffed.
The Linuxe and the BSDs run reasonably stable.
All important applications too.
Not perfect, it'll take them months to do a lot of the little things, but it's okay."

Fred: "That's not even five percent of all computers in the world."

Marlene took a breath.

Fred: "Microsoft, Apple and Google didn't answer your questions?"

Marlene: "No, nothing."

Fred: "But they suspect something?"

Marlene: "Sure.
You can see what's going on in the Linux area right now.
They are also involved in the development of free software everywhere.
You finance complete projects.
So they got the vulnerability database documents for it, too.
Except not for their own systems.
And these are huge gaps that are suddenly found everywhere.
Weak points, some of which had been inside for twenty years and were exploited by all sorts of people.
Now they're gone.
And on top of that, they got our offer to give them their weaknesses if they join in.
They don't want to join, they don't want to join, but they've probably already put together emergency teams."

Fred: "Yes, that was probably too much for them: to announce all the back doors that they had built into their programs on their behalf or on their own initiative.
And to publish and publicly update the entire source code of their programs so that everyone can finally see what they are doing.
I guess that was too much.
"I'm sure you've signed that you can't say anything about the back doors."

Marlene: "They definitely signed this.
But what's the point?
It was just as illegal to install them."

Fred: "Fuck."

Marlene: "Well, let's get it.
How many websites now have the whole terabyte encrypted ready for download?"

Fred: "253."

Marlene: "That's enough.
We also have it on the WikiLeaks website.
Okay, let's release the key now.
About Twitter: The Intercept, Chaos Computer Club, netzpolitik.org, Ed Snowden.
WikiLeaks will retweet it anyway.
And all our channels, too.
"Tell everyone to pass the key on, download files, decrypt."

Fred looked over his shoulder: "In any good thriller, now would be the moment when the door is kicked in and a Swat team comes in screaming."
He grinned and listened.
Everything was quiet.
Marlene stood up and closed the window.

Marlene: "There are others who would have the key to such cases."

Fred: "I know it's supposed to be a joke."

Marlene: "Well, I'm pressing ... now! ...gone!!"

Fred: "Away!"

Marlene: "Away!"
She exhaled and watched her laptop.
"The Intercept has already retweeted it, netzpolitik.org, WikiLeaks too ... Okay.
Then the world has it. Ed Snowden, too."
She nodded to Fred and they both looked each other in the eye for a long time.

After a while, Fred winked at her, "And now the letter."

Marlene: "Oh yes, of course, the letter.
Okay. (laughs)
"To the Guardian, New York Times, Der Spiegel, Washington Post, etc."

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
CALL TO THE INTERNET WORLD

Today marks the beginning of a new period in the history of the
History of the Internet. The past was marked by
a growing number of vulnerabilities, and
exploits, which everyone who knows them can find out about and
possesses the necessary technical knowledge, unauthorized access
on other people's computers and smartphones. And that
many people around the world can now. Not only people
intelligence agencies, governments and corporations, but also
in criminal organizations as well as criminal individuals.

We view any unauthorized access to personal information as
I'm wrong. The only exception to this is when a
there is an imminent threat to human freedom,
which may be averted by unauthorized access
can become. In such cases, a short time later, everyone must
individual access completely and completely published
will be. Otherwise, in our opinion, the most important aspect is the
Secrecy of vulnerabilities an injustice. Everyone has
a basic right to know what vulnerabilities the devices have
that he uses.

Today, we have the most extensive database of classified
vulnerabilities that have ever been published, and which
was. Possibly the biggest one there is: the vulnerabilities-
Database of the TAO, a division of the NSA. This will be the first
Let's make transparent how much all computers and smartphones,
Tablets and other devices interspersed with such vulnerabilities
are. The database does not contain vulnerabilities in
the computer systems of planes, satellites, power plants,
and hospitals, airports and industrial facilities.
gen. There's another database for them that we don't hack.
could.

As long as the weaknesses that have now become known
programmers are not fixed, it is very easy, in almost
to infiltrate all computers and smartphones and approach everything.
what's stored there. If your computers and smartphones
on which the operating systems Windows, MacOS, Android, iOS, etc. are installed.
or others that are not free software, then recommend
we do not use these devices for a few weeks. only one
The exception for Android is if you have the Android source code and the
of all the apps you use, and you can download them yourself.
compiled. Otherwise, remove the battery or place it in the
the smartphone into a metal box.

All people, systems, application programs and other software
which are based on Linux, BSD or other free software.
we've been making a list of the weak-
and they have since worked to fill in the gaps
to close. We recommend switching to one of these systems.

In our opinion, software must not be kept secret.
that one. Everyone has a right to know what the computer is about
or the smartphone he's using is actually doing.

@Anonymous
</div>
Marlene looked at Fred with a dramatic look: "Well?
Should I send this now?"

"No!" Fred shouted with an act of panic.
"BLOSS NOT ... It's confusing the powerful of the world!"
He opened his eyes and looked at her.

"Too late" Marlene grinned back.

Hans shouted from below: "Hey! Marlene! If you want to get to the ship in time, we have to go now."

Fred and Marlene closed their laptops, put them in their packed suitcases and left the room.
An hour later they were sitting on a small freighter heading for the mainland.


{{{en/053_1915_The Nation First.md}}}

## **1915** German National!

### SCENE 7
____
A group of officers in a beer restaurant, a lot of smoke, loud conversations everywhere.

First officer: "Wilhelm and Hilde Papenburg, they defile the honor of the German people.
They want to fall into our arms when we raise arms against our cowardly enemies to regain dominance over Europe.
They want to weaken our strength, they make fellowship with our enemies: with French, with English, with Russians.
They are the true enemies on our way to making Germany what it is in essence: the first leading power."

Second officer: "Yes!"

First Officer: "And we must learn that a new era has dawned: machine time.
On the battlefields, the victors will be those who have the better machines.
Armored vehicles, armored planes, machine guns.
But also the machines that produce machines, also the machines that farm land, build roads and houses.
Our industry is the decisive factor on our way to world leadership.
And the great people who run the companies: They are leaders of labor units, just as we are leaders of army units."

Second officer: "Hurray for the German economy."

Third officer: "The strongest in the world!"

Fourth officer: "After the Americans.
Still... We've overtaken the English this year.
America is the great danger.
Whoever leads the industry leads the world.
We need powerful, growing and agile companies.
Our companies already have workers working for them around the world.
We don't have to colonize countries, that's yesterday.
We must free countries, open them up so that our companies can let the workers work for them there.
And the people there buy our goods.
This is the new race.
Not the colonization.
And America is one step ahead."

Third officer: "They build the tallest buildings in the world.
The longest railway lines."

First Officer: "We will let the weapons speak, we will postpone the world order, we will give our companies everywhere space in which they can spread.
And for that we have to go to the battlefield.
That's why we need respect, respect.
We'll get it there.
And that's why I invited you here today to talk to you about what we can do against those who disturb this path from within."

Second officer: "Wilhelm and Hilde Papenburg ..."

First Officer: "...and their corrupt movement.
The Spartacists.
And others.
But first, her.
They poison the hearts of German workers.
They no longer want to work diligently for the cause, they want to work less, they want to have a say, they want to change rules.
They want to own the companies they work for.
Everywhere I look, I see treachery.
Betrayal of the German cause.
Betrayal of the German people.
The German entrepreneurs.
The German people should be strong, not weak.
It should prevail against the other countries, not bow down.
Socialist utopia will drive us into slavery.
America, England, France, Russia, they respect strength, not weakness.
Austria and Italy respect the strong, not the weak."

Third officer: "Let's get rid of them both.
For good.
No more warnings, no more intimidation.
"You must leave before the disease can spread to other workers."

Second officer: "Yes!"

Fourth officer: "I have her watched around the clock.
We have some of our people in their movement.
There'll always be someone around.
And then we find a plan for how to do it."

First officer, say, "One for all."

All together: "And all for one!"
____


{{{en/054_2064_Where is the LBI.md}}}

## **2064** Where is the LBI?

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Lasse and Sigur</span> sat again in the kitchen of the games lab.
Each again with a big cocoa in his hand.

Sigur: "And where are you right now?"

Lasse: "At the end of the game I was on a plane home to San Diego."

Sigur: "You got in?"

Lasse: "Yes.
In Caracas, everything is controlled by Fortunato.
He's got a hell of an overview.
And I don't trust him an inch anymore.
And then I can't do much there.
Better from home, from our beach apartment.
I don't even trust him anymore that he didn't know about the robbery."

Sigur: "Neee.
Of course, he's in this all the way.
That was played by him.
But really, see that there are such assholes: They'll cut your belly open and put a remote cyanide capsule in it.
I'd like to know if that really happened 50 years ago.
I really got angry."

Lasse: "Unbelievable, if it were actually like this.
Where are you now?"

Sigur: "Still in the room where the guards took me.
You've been ignoring me for a few hours.
Just stupid.
My skull is booming too and I feel sick.
I feel the pressure in my stomach, gag reflex.
I'm really a little nauseous... even here."

Lasse: "But what now?
What do we do with the LBI?
How do we keep looking?
Did we miss anything?
We don't know much that's new."

Sigur: "We disguise ourselves as TAO hackers and break into their homes."

Lasse: "Yes, it's just a pity that we don't know where they are, they don't even have buildings, no central servers, no space at all where we could get in."

Sigur: "They hide safely in the Tor network, they have their data distributed via hashes on the Internet and use Tails or Cubes OS as their operating system.
They have nothing better of their own.
They need free software.
And then somehow we put a back door in tails and over there we go to their computers."

Lasse: "Are you crazy?
In Tails, a back door?
I think you're crazy.
Firstly, this is against the Cypherpunk ethics of incorporating backdoors into standard programs.
And besides, you wouldn't be able to.
The project is highly active, they look at everything new two, three times before they take it.
And you're not known there."

Sigur: "Hej, that was fun!
You know where I am right now.
How am I supposed to do anything?
Drugs, no computers, prussic acid in the stomach...
It's getting rather boring for me now."

Lasse: "Yes, it will be like Tim.
He once spent two whole match days in a psychiatric ward, in a mini-room without a window, in a straitjacket.
Couldn't do anything... Shit.
But I don't understand the logic.
Why is Marlene sending us to Fortunato to find the LBI?
And all that happens there is that we find out about it and then..."

Sigur jumped up: "Wait a minute!
Yeah, right!
Fortunato, he's at the LBI.
He works for them.
He's LBI.
Of course I do.
We were in an LBI house.
How does he make such a change from drug baron to information vendor?
Without help?
His system built the TAO, I'm sure of it.
And he's not TAO.
He's got a house to himself, all his computers run privately.
This is an LBI house.
I'm sure it is.
I think we found them."

Lasse: "Shit. Yes.
That makes sense.
And we were about to steal from her..."

Sigur: "Yes ... I'll steal from you.
Sweet!
The Bitcoins should be on their way by now.
I'm sure he looked up what happened in his shop.
If you're at home, after three days you'll get a pond message from me with the key to my raspberry cave.
It'll go off automatically if I don't hear from me for three days.
And from the looks of it, that's probably how it is."

Lasse: "And then?"

Sigur: "Then?"

Lasse: "What do we do then?"

Sigur: "That's a lot of money.
I don't think they can do without it that easily.
They're Bitcoins.
They'll have to pay a lot of people past the normal payment channels.
And now they can't do that any more, or at least much less well.
They'll be after the money.
Bitcoins are not anonymous.
You have to be careful how you spend them."

Lasse: "Don't worry, I don't spend it.
We use them as bait.
So we can lure the LBI to us..."

Sigur: "Cool."


{{{en/055_2064_Intimidate!.md}}}

## **2064** Intimidate!

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene and Lilly</span> sat together over a cup of tea in the stone hut.
A campfire was burning in front of them.

Lilly: "Did this really happen with the cyanide capsule?"

Marlene: "I haven't experienced this myself.
When Ali Steffens and Eduardo Lampresa cracked the LBI-Bitcoin safe, I was in prison.
I didn't hear anything about that.
But it may well have been so, it was already very brutal back then.
I myself never had a capsule in my body.
Just a laser tattoo on his forehead that you can read from satellites.
But there were real torture centres, for example, where many people died.
First in East Africa and the Middle East, but later more and more in the central cities such as Berlin, Moscow, San Francisco, Quito and Paris.
They were mainly for intimidation.
It wasn't so much about punishing people or getting information, it was about the message: "Be quiet and nothing will happen to you.
And if you don't shut up, then it's gonna be bad...

And that worked.
Many bowed, many were afraid, some panicked.
But not all of them.
Some hackers can't bend.
Actually, if you bend, you'll stop being a hacker.
And the intelligence services have said that if they show enough of their superiority, everyone will bow.
You were wrong."

Lilly: "Like your brother..."

Marlene nodded: "Yes, like my brother Marwin.
Mm-hmm."
She shook her head slightly.
"That was so unfair.
... I feel a shiver running down my spine when I think of him.
He didn't bend.
He's got her figured out.
I liked him so much.
And he had to die so early."

Lilly: "Yes, that was the beginning for you, wasn't it?
Sort of.
That's how I understand your book."

Marlene: "Yes, it was already a beginning.
That was where it got serious.
I used to play a lot before.
I just did what I had to do.
Also the NSA database.
After that, it got heavier and darker.
That's why I got caught once.
And I've been limping a little ever since."

Lilly looked surprised at Marlene's leg, "That's why?"

Marlene: "That was in prison.
They're really bad guys, not people, at least if they're soldiers.
They may be people in their private lives.
This is really schizophrenic.
Absolutely ice-cold and brutal at work and soft and nice at home to partners and children.
This was also the case for many people in the companies at that time.

But even that can be understood.
If you know their story.
I got to know a soldier better when I was in prison.
Pretty much.
That was a turning point for me.
His story impressed me.
That's when I learned how important it is never to be against anyone, but always to have your own way in mind and to understand each other as well as possible.
Even if he wants to kill you.
Marwin could do it.
He could always look beneath the surface.
He knew it right now, just knew it.
And he kept telling me.
But I didn't understand right away.
It's in the eleven basic ideas Marwin wrote down in prison.
I read them again and again, but I didn't really understand them until I was in prison myself.
Same as him, by the way.
It's perhaps ironic of fate that I ended up there.
Or it was just intimidation again.
It's so much about intimidation, they want to look omnipotent.

Ali and Eduardo were great.
It was completely impossible to intimidate her.
They had just somehow decided not to be intimidated and they went through with it.
And now Lasse and Sigur are playing this one.
Who knows, maybe they will manage the whole mission and then there will be a meeting between Ali and Eduardo and Lasse and Sigur.
That's what I want to see.
This is gonna be exciting.

Fortunato was really called that.
I even met him once.
But it wasn't much of an encounter.
He's nice.
That's funny.
And always at least two women around him.
But I couldn't talk to him well.
He's just like the game.
A sympathetic asshole."

Lilly: "What's the next step with the Bitcoins?
Are they on the right track?"

Marlene: "Absolutely.
And what happens next?
Hmm.
That depends on what they're doing now."

She smiled at Lilly.


{{{en/056_1918_Detention.md}}}

## **1918** Detention

### SCENE 7
____
Wilhelm in his apartment in a Berlin apartment building.
In the morning, shaving.
// BLENDE //
Hilde in her apartment at the kitchen table having breakfast.

Wilhelm washes off the shaving soap and dries his face.
He looks at his watch and shouts, "Jesus Christ!"
He hurries out of the bathroom, puts on a shirt, then jacket and shoes, grabs his coat and leaves the apartment.
Two Spartacists are waiting outside his front door.
He nods to them and hurries down the stairs in front of them.
They follow.

Hilde puts her plate in the sink, prepares herself briefly in the mirror, puts on her coat.
That's when the doorbell rings.
She opens and smiles at Adolf.

Hilde: "Hej, on time like the train."

Adolf smiled: "I waited three minutes in the hallway..."

Hilde: "Come on, there's a lot to do today.
I have a good feeling that we're making progress with the soup kitchens."

She walks down the stairs in front, Adolf follows shortly behind her.

Wilhelm presses the handle of the front door and opens it with a swing.
A broad-shouldered man stands in front of him, grabs his chest and tears him onto the sidewalk.
Another one puts a potato sack over his head, kicks him in the stomach with his knee and pulls him into a waiting car that immediately races away.
Meanwhile, two other men have fallen towards the front door with rifles at the ready, shouting at the two Spartacists to drop their weapons.
The wide-shouldered man kicks the weapons into the street, searches the two, then pushes them, one with his left hand, one with his right, back into the hallway and slams the door.
Then everyone jumps onto a waiting platform truck and races away as well.

Hilde opens the front door and gets a blow to the head.
She sinks unconscious.
Two men drag her into a waiting car.
A man with a rifle aims at Adolf and he raises his hands immediately.
With panicked eyes, he looks at the man who says nothing.

Adolf: "NO! NOT..."

The man pulls the trigger.
A huge bang shakes the stairs.
He pulls the trigger again.
Adolf grabs his chest, feels warm blood.
He collapses on the cold stone floor, below him a large pool of blood forms.
____


{{{en/057_2023_One drop of blood.md}}}

## **2023** One drop of blood

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marwin looked at the door</span> and thought: "Still no guards ... It's been at least half an hour since Linda fled the room.
Yes, she escaped.
But from what?
Surely from saying anything about Marlene... Shit.
Shit.
Shit... What about Marlene? ...Linda knows where she is ... Yes.
She doesn't want to find her.
She doesn't need me to find her because she knows where she is.
But then what does she want?
Why release me?
It doesn't make any sense."

"Damn it!" he said out loud.
"Fucking hell!"

He put his head on the table.
His nose started bleeding.
He crumpled a piece of handkerchief together and pressed it into his nostril.

"Marlene is forcing her to release me," he thought, smiling, "Yes, that would suit her."
He nodded. "Nice thought, but, shit, no.
They won't let you blackmail them.
Not on principle.
You are the greatest world power, the greatest country there has ever been.
They're all part of a miracle dream, the elite nation of the world.
No, there can't be an 18-year-old girl coming and forcing her to do anything."

He buried his head under his hands.
"Or was it really a change of heart?
Linda had something in mind: They're going to dissolve the NSA... No, that's bullshit.
At best, because they have something better and they don't need it anymore.
Certainly not because they are recalling their ideals: On freedom, self-development, letting the other live.

Or are they really starting to take their own ideals seriously?
To take yourself seriously?
Not to relate the ideals only to their country?
No.
Their goal is to conquer the world.
It's the only thing that makes sense to them in a crazy world.
Order through power.
The strong can do his bidding, the weak his not.
If the world is to continue well, then we must control it, with our armies, with our financial industry, with the arms industry, with the Internet industry, Google, Apple, Microsoft, with fast food, Coca Cola and with the mass media.
Control every aspect of life.
That's the big target.
And when you have achieved that, then you can guarantee the freedom of people - at least of some people.
The maximum happiness for the maximum number of people."

He punched the table with his fist: "Fuck". He thought, "That's the most demonic saying there is, because it sounds reasonable, and it's so hard to see through.
Excluding people: If the greatest country that has ever existed rules, then there is freedom for all those who submit to its culture, its ideas of life.
And every enemy of his way of living is an enemy of freedom and is rendered harmless.
For example, hackers, especially cypher punks."

He grabbed his head with both hands.
"With violence to harmony... With oppression to freedom...
What makes people think such idiotic things?
What makes hundreds of millions of people, in governments, in state apparatuses, in companies, think such nonsense?
Why can they think that power can solve problems, concentration of power, in our time?
Power must fall into the hands of the people who actually do: program, build, plant, clean ...
Power must spread like water over a watering can.
Not like a reservoir rupture."

He breathed heavily.

"And because of this error of thought I have been sitting here for two years now, completely senseless, without charge, not even an accusation, not even a false accusation.
If only ten, twenty percent of the population were real hackers, cypher punks, people with cypher punk hearts, things would look different."

He looked around the room and got stuck on the table with a little book and a pen that Linda had forgotten there.
He looked at her and then suddenly shouted, "Yah!
That's right.
A manifesto!
Like Eric Hughes in 1993.
I'm writing a hacker manifesto, a new cypher punk manifesto.
That's what it is.
And if no one ever reads it..."
He pulled the booklet towards him, tore out all the pages already written and arranged them in a pile on the table.
Then he opened the first page and took the pen.
He thought, "Eric Hughes ... Encryption" and began to write:

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
Everything starts with encryption.
</div>
He looked at the first sentence, nodded and continued writing.

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
1 -- Encryption is the basis of our personal freedom.
sickness. We need to be able to choose who gets our information.
and who doesn't. We must be able to hide, to face the glances
of those who want to destroy what we do. Any
Beginning needs protection.
</div>
A drop of blood fell from his nose onto the paper.
It looked at him with fascination and made sure that he did not walk, but dried as he was.



{{{en/058_2064_Bombing threat.md}}}

## **2064** Bombing threat

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Lasse sat in</span> a restaurant on the 10th floor.
Floor of a shopping center in San Diego, USA, with a magnificent view over the ocean.
Opposite him, two men in black suits were sitting.
The atmosphere was heated up, both sides tried to appear calm.

Lasse: "I have four Bitcoin bombs."
He showed four fingers.
"And starting tomorrow, one will blow every day at 8:31.
Then your Bitcoins spread over thousands of Bitcoin Wallets in a fraction of a second.
Over thirty billion dollars."

First man: "That's not a problem for us.
We can stop that.
We have as many computers and hackers available as we want.
We'll just download all the servers that can run the transactions during that time."

Lasse laughed out loud.
"All 700,000?
Don't joke!
And even if it did, it would only delay everything for a few minutes, half an hour at the most.
Most servers have an auto backup:
They automatically reappear elsewhere on the Internet and pick up where they left off last.
Some even open several servers at the same time: as with the Hydra in ancient Greece.
You cut off one head and three new ones grow.
They've all learned from Wikileaks and Piratebay, and you never really got them under control.
Maybe for a few days.
And now you want to paralyze Bitcoin as a whole.
Come on, guys, seriously..."

First man: "Other scenario.
The bombs exploded.
The money's gone.
Then what?
What then?
If you blew up all the Bitcoins and you don't have what we want, nothing at all.
What then?
Then what do you do?"

Lasse: "I'm trying to get out of here.
And if I don't make it, you'll kill me."

First man: "First Sigur gets it.
And for you, we have a bunch of agents here in San Diego.
Escape is not an option."

Lasse looked him in the eye: "Okay.
Then you'll kill me.
And then what?"

Second man laughed, "What then?
Then you're dead!"

Lasse turns to the second man: "Yes, well, and then?"

He ran slightly red on his face, grabbed his jacket and pulled out a pistol so far that Lasse could see it.

Second man cold: "We can do this right now.
It's silenced and got uranium ammunition.
One graze would do.
I always shoot three times.
First twice in the heart, then in the face.
Your body's going into the sea, 5,000 meters deep.
And we'll make you a good story about how the rest of the world will see you.
For example: Lasse Brodowin, the defector, submerged, actually leads a luxurious life.
We won't let you die for your friends.
You'll be a normal traitor to them."

Lasse: "But then the Bitcoins are gone.
And that's not an option for you."

The first man pushed the first man's pistol back into his suit pocket: "Guy, don't."

He turned to Lasse: "We are here for an agreement that fits both, which both sides can live with.
So, again, Sigur gets free.
What's the next step?
How do we get to the Bitcoins?
How can we be sure we'll get them?
How can we be sure you have it?
We need a guarantee.
The Bitcoins must be deposited somewhere before Sigur's release, we must be able to verify that they're there."

Lasse shook his head.
"That's not gonna happen.
I'll wait till I get a signal from Sigur that he's free.
Then I'll send the Bitcoins.
I don't give guarantees before."

First man: "It's not working."

Second man with a red head to the first: "We can also take him with us.
The night is long until 8:31 tomorrow morning.
If I may, he'll tell us before midnight how to get to the Bitcoins.
And I don't make pill pill pillboards like waterboarding or leave them naked in a cold, dirty corner.
It's faster with me.
You'll see some of it afterwards."

He kicked Lasse under the table firmly with his boot.

Lasse touched his leg: "Ahhh.
Asshole!
Shit! Shit! Shit!
Why do you have so many assholes?"

First man cool: "He had a difficult childhood.
His mother beat him up at the hospital a couple times.
She was a drug addict and manic-depressive.
Single parent.
That's what shaped him."

Lasse and he looked each other in the eye for a while.

First man: "It won't happen the way you say.
We need security."

Lasse: "At the push of a button I can now make sure that I no longer have a chance to stop the bombs.
No one can do that anymore."

First man: "Half the TAO is looking for the machines that can trigger these Bitcoin transactions.
They're somewhere in the gate network.
Maybe we'll find her."

Lasse: "You know you can't find her there.
700,000 computers, Tor computers.
No.
You already had a lot of problems with 4000, 5000 in the past, so 2010, 2011.
Besides, you need the Tor net itself for everything.
You don't even have anything that can be used.
You can't just turn it off."

They looked at each other silently for a while, eye to eye.
Lasse with quiet view.

First man: "You must give me something.
When I come back with the result, then I am away from the assignment and then they give you for example alone into the hands of him here.
Even after the Bitcoins are gone.
They just do that for revenge, they're not good losers.
That's what they call prevention.
Come on, come on, come on.
Again, we see the Bitcoins beforehand..."

The second man gritted his teeth and breathed deeply, forcefully, hissing: "I have special scissors.
That'll cut off your index finger first.
No need for me to expend force.
Off.
Normal household scissors, specially sharpened.
And then the ring finger.
Off.
Then the little one.
Let's see if you can still show us the middle finger."

Lasse looked across the ocean.
He closed his eyes and breathed out.
"Don't go against it," he thought.
"Otherwise, it's over.
Otherwise I have no chance ...
What an asshole.
Assholes like that.
What happened to them later?
Where are they in our time?
What have they done with their lives?" He clasped the push button in his trouser pocket, which would change the passwords for the bombs somewhere in the Tor network.
One long push, and he couldn't get to her, and nobody else could.

He leaned back and looked at the first man: "I'll push the button now!"

"No! Stop!" both shouted at about the same time.

Lasse shook his head and looked back at the sea.
On the horizon, far out, a huge white balloon floated.
Lasse looked at him dreamily.



{{{en/059_2023_The arrest warrant.md}}}

## **2023** The arrest warrant

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Anni ran with her smartphone in her hand behind the last row of tables in the classroom.
Sophie followed her, put a hand on her shoulder.
Anni got loose.

Anni: "Such a ass!"
She stamped her foot on the ground.
"I can't believe it!
He did it again!
I thought that was over.
I thought they stuffed the holes now.
I have the latest version of iOS."
She stretched out her smartphone to Sophie.

Sophie took it and looked at the display: "Shit!
He's posting back through your Facebook account.
Shit.
To all your friends.
And such bullshit.
He's got so much shit in his brain.
You really should never have gotten involved with him.
He was an asshole before.
After all, there are no photos this time ... Oh shit ...
Nah."

Anni: "What?"

Sophie: "A photo.
Right now."

Anni: "Give me!"

Sophie kept the phone away:
"No.
Better you don't watch this."

Anni: "But not naked again?"
She snatched Sophie's smartphone from her hand.
"Oh, no ...
no ...
No. No.
She yelled at the smartphone, "You fucker, ass, birdbrain."

She dropped onto a chair, put her head in her hands and cried.
Sophie carefully put her hand on her back: "Come on, now we're really going to do it.
We'll report him!
You know, like, police and stuff.
Everyone knows it was him.
He's done it before and boasted about it.
We'll get him."

Anni sobbed, "No, it could have been anyone.
That's another one of the weaknesses of some fucking tutorial on YouTube.
And even if we could get him, the photos are outside.
Nobody's gonna bring them back for me."
Sophie stroked her back.
Anni sobbed, "Why?
Why me again?
Why still?
I thought it was over.
I didn't pick up my smartphone for three months last year.
Until everyone said there were no more back doors in there."

Kevin joined the two from behind: "Yes, yes, that's what they said:
The most private and secure iPhone ever, transparent and secure Android phones like never before.
No more back doors for the first time.
None at all.
Never again.
Apple and Google celebrate their liberation from the intelligence agencies.
Big show.
All thumbs up.
But then they installed new back doors again.
You can't leave it alone.
Maybe they'll be forced.
Throw away your iPhone.
As long as it's not open source, you can forget it."

Sophie pushed him with her elbow: "Hey, you idiot, can't you see: She's in a bad way.
She doesn't need a lecture now."

Anni wiped tears from her eyes: "He is right.
That's what I'm doing now.
Marlene said that a few years ago.
She used to say there were back doors and all kinds of things in there and that they were watching us with them.
Oh, we could use it so much right now.
She'd know what we could do now."

Kevin: "Yes.
She'd hack the stinker.
He would constantly see his picture on every screen at school, for weeks, and never get into his own Facebook account anywhere.
He wouldn't have a good life anymore."

Sophie laughed: "Yes!
Marlene.
That would be cool right now!
...
That's funny.
She never contacted me again.
We were actually good with her, weren't we?
Is she still traveling around the world with her brother?"

Kevin: "I don't know.
The last Twitter messages are more than one year old.
And they were pretty weird.
Just beach and sun, no laptops..."

Sophie: "The parents said that they had problems with secret services and wanted to get used to hacking."

Kevin: "Do you believe that?
Marlene Hacken?
A cat becomes vegan.
Marlene repentantly admits that hacking is not good, that one does not do this in our world and becomes "reasonable".
They'd have to torture her or something, brainwash her..."

Sophie: "Mhmh.
You're right, I did.
But then what does she do?
Then where is it?
What about her?"

Kevin shrugged his shoulders, "I don't know."

The door blew open.
Luke stormed into the classroom and positioned himself in the middle: "HEY!
HAMMER!
HAMMER!
Have you heard?
Marlene's wanted internationally on a warrant.
She's supposed to have hacked the vulnerability database!!
It was her!"
He waved his tablet.

The three of them stormed Luke: "Show!
Show me!" They bent over the tablet and read:

____

* German hacker exposed in NSA spy scandal*

The Berlin hacker Marlene Farras (18) is said to have played a decisive role behind last year's heavy revelations about vulnerabilities in computer systems.
She's already been on the run for over two years on other charges.
Yesterday evening, the United States government issued an international warrant for their arrest.
The US accuses her of betraying military secrets that have led to millions of thefts, fraud, copyright and personal rights violations and, in three proven cases, murder.
She's to be charged under the 1917 Espionage Act.
Should she be sentenced, she expects a life sentence or the death penalty in the USA.

Federal Justice Minister Lamprecht said: "We are against the death penalty and will only extradite it if we get a guarantee from the USA.
Unfortunately, however, the legal situation is otherwise clear in this case.
She didn't work for NSA, so she's not a Wistleblower.
She apparently hacked into the NSA and stole the vulnerability database, supported by a larger group of hackers.
This is computer violence, a definite case of espionage.
As far as we know, she was blackmailing money with it first.
When this did not lead to success, she published the database in a completely irresponsible way.
We all know the consequences.
An infinite number of violations of personal rights, property rights, industrial espionage, some companies had to file for bankruptcy. There's evidence of three deaths."
____

Anni: "Woah.
Whoa.
What kind of idiots are they?
They're gonna blame Marlene for murders.
You're freaking her out?
What's that? What's that?
Sure, I was also thinking about killing the asshole who posted my pictures.
But it wouldn't be Marlene's fault... Are they still all there?
I don't believe this.
What the fuck is this?"

Kevin: "Shit all over my brain.
Marlene Hacken for money?
You can't do that.
They just write that, they don't know about her.
They're so stupid. Marlene won't put herself in danger for money, will she?
Marlene, for money!
They're so blind."

Sophie: "This is pure propaganda.
They're shooting themselves at her.
I can well imagine it was her.
She probably did it to give them a real squeeze.
The ones who put all the weaknesses in there in the first place: Secret services, companies.
And the message seems to have arrived.
She totally got her.
And now she's to spend her whole life in prison for that?
Or worse.
The intelligence chiefs, the corporate bosses, the American president, yes, that would be fair.
But Marlene?"

Kevin: "Kill the Messenger!"

Anni clenched a fist: "Hej, we have to do something.
We can't just put up with this.
That needs an answer.
A loud one.
This can't stop like this!
Marlene's from our class."

Kevin decided: "They must not get away with this.
No way."

Sophie: "We gotta piss right on these motherfuckers' legs."

Anni and Kevin looked a little surprised at Sophie and then nodded.


{{{en/060_2023_Crisis meeting.md}}}

## **2023** Crisis meeting

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Heinz and Frederik</span> sat in casual clothes at a large, fully occupied conference table in the headquarters of the BND. Some wore suits, others were dressed casually.
Four participants sat on chairs on a wall, at the head end the president of the BND sat.

President: "Okay, what do we know?"

A man in a grey suit stood up and went to the projector, who threw a picture of Marlene and some personal data on the wall: "Marlene Farras, 18 years old, Eckener-Gymnasium here in Mariendorf until two years ago, until then nine months under intensive supervision from us, then worldwide manhunt, initiated by the CIA.
Shortly appeared in Dahab, Egypt two years ago, then probably Saudi Arabia, last year probably Tasmania ..."

President: "Presumably?
I suppose so.
Is this still a Secret Service?
Or are we on "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire"?
Do you need a viewer joker?
Marlene Farras was almost three years in our focus, and we have a crumb of nothing.
And even that's from the Americans."

Man: "Tasmania is ours.
We have an arrest that claims that.
A darknet hacker."

President: "Who is it?"

Mann: "I can't say that not everyone in this room has the necessary security level.
He'll probably be a key witness.
We'll have him soon."
He scribbled something on a piece of paper and pushed it towards the president.

The president read, "Okay.
I understand ...
So, she had no contact with the family?
To friends?
No usual seats?
Hacker spaces?"

Frederik: "Negative.
We check everything regularly.
We can't say hacker spaces for sure.
There are too many of them, that goes from the number towards the stations ... And because of the mess last year we lost the overview at some points.
Smartphones were often unavailable, Facebook, WhatsApp accounts closed, there was much more encrypted communication, much more was bought with cash and Bitcoins.
But now we have complete access to the family, to the class, to friends we know.
Pond spreads, Ricochet, GPG is very strong, used more and more on the command line, Tor, OTR... The usual suspects."

Another man: "Since last week there are new leaks!
iPhone could become more difficult again in the near future."

Frederik: "Android as well.
Wistleblowers are active in both companies.
Still.
They can't handle it there.
Probably there are 15, 16 Wistleblower alone at Apple, Google, Microsoft, Facebook and Yahoo.
Keeping them out of the public eye is hard work.
We intercepted some stuff before it happened last week.
Our media people do almost nothing else anymore..."

President: "What channels do the pipes use, uh, Wistleblower?"

Frederik smiled briefly tormented and continued: "SecureDrop, GlobalLeaks, WikiLeaks, own things ... It gets confusing.
You can open a pretty good drop with a little Linux know-how.
Spiegel Online has one of those."

President: "We must be careful.
There's a lot of attention in the population.
The Chancellor is worried.
She spoke to me personally about it.
The warrant now is out of time.
This increases attention once again by leaps and bounds.
People begin to attach importance to the matter over a longer period of time.
The warrant may work in America, but here in Germany it's a disaster.
Suggestions?"

Heinz: "Marlene's brother is sitting over in the USA in an NSA prison.
Maybe we can use him."

President: "How?"

Heinz: "Release, pursue.
I'm sure he'll look for her."

Frederik laughed: "But you have to do that well.
Marwin Farras is not just anyone.
He smells the fuse.
He's been in our system for months, and we haven't discovered him."

President: "But now he was with the Americans for nearly two years.
Such CIA prisons are not recreation homes.
That's what characterizes it.
Maybe he's changed..."

Frederik: "I'll call you there."

Heinz: "And we are taking an even closer look at their school class.
We take the next hop into the intensive surveillance: their friends and relatives, as well as the family.
In the hacker environment we cannot do more than now.
That's where we're at."

Man: "And I'm going to increase the pressure on our darknet hacker a little bit more."

President: "Okay, let's get to work!
That this is going to be a real secret service again."


{{{en/061_1918_2023_Interrogation_1.md}}}

## **1918, 2023** Interrogation (1)

### SCENE 8

____
Hilde, tied up on a chair in a large vaulted cellar.
She's got a gag in her mouth.
Isolated flickering lights on the wall.
Around them, a group of young men in different uniforms.
A captain.

A man in the group takes two steps towards Hilde and hits her in the face with his hand.
She tries to avoid it, but the blow hits her so hard that she tilts the chair to the side and falls to the ground.
She hits her head and stays there.
Your lip is bleeding.
The face is dirty from the wet ground.

Captain: "Pick it up!"

Two of the men grab her and raise her up.
The captain takes a chair and sits down in front of her upside down on it.
He puts both arms on the back of the chair and grins at them.

Captain: "Whore, we have warned you.
You messed with us.
Now you get the bill for it."

Hilde stammers something through the gag.

Captain: "Quiet!
It's not your turn now.
It's my turn now. We warned you several times.
You just moved on.
All this wouldn't be necessary if you'd backed off, if you'd acted reasonable.
But you leave us no choice."

Hilde stammers again.

Captain: "If we now ran with open arms towards the French, as you Spartacists want, we would all get a bullet in the chest.
And that's how you all want to hug: Englishmen, Americans, Russians, Chinese, Negroes, the whole world.
It's pure stupidity to trust everyone.
This is suicide.
We can only trust in our own strength and nothing else.
The weak has no friends.
The weak becomes a slave."

He looks her in the eye.

"You help the weak.
You've always done that.
Back in school.
You helped those who couldn't make it because they didn't want to work.
And you still do.
Give them food, a place to sleep.
Take away the last reason they'd ever work.
They want to steal only from those who work hard and honest.
And you're helping them.
German nature works hard and honestly.
That's why everyone buys our goods, all over the world.
"Made in Germany", that has sound.
This is the future.
We are better than everyone else, we can work better, we can organize better.
We have the best inventors.
If we mix our culture with others, we weaken them.
Cultures cannot live side by side on an equal footing.
There must be a mission statement, a guiding culture.
And it's German."

He pulls out his gun, looks at it.
Weighs it in your hand.
Then he suddenly holds it against her forehead and stretched the trigger:
"We need a leading German culture.
We must remove the inferior elements from our society.
Wouldn't you agree?
I bet you think so, too.
We've prepared a statement for you to sign.
Are you ready?"
She's stammering something incomprehensible.
"Ahh? You do? I see.
You can't talk.
BERTHOLD!"

A man approaches from behind and opens the gag.
Hilde coughs.
The captain takes his pistol from her forehead and looks at her: "Well, are you ready, Hilde?"

Hilde in a rough voice: "Never!"

The captain grins, "I was kind of hoping you'd say that.
Your whitewashing with the scum was always repugnant to me.
It has its charm to kill someone.
Especially when it's an assignment, when it's a duty.
It's quite an experience.
Not many people can kill.
It'll be my pleasure.
And I'll even get a badge for it."
He's aiming the gun at Hilde's forehead again:
"Last chance, whore.
Ah.
Berthold, the tub.
I don't want this to be another mess."
Bertold comes back and pushes a metal tub with his foot behind Hilde's chair.

Hilde looks at the captain seriously: "You are responsible for what you do.
You personally.
You're an adult.
You can't hide behind an order or any group or leader.
What you do, you do it yourself."

The captain laughs: "Yes, I will.
Me alone.
Out of conviction."
He's grinning.
"Together with Bertold."
He presses the pistol harder against Hilde's forehead and shouts slightly excited: "Think your last thought!" Then he pulls the trigger.
Hilde's face freezes, her neck twitches.
"Click!"

The captain laughs: "Boom! You're still alive.
Did you think I'd just shoot you here?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
We still need you.
You know a few things we want to know.
You won't get out of here that fast."

Hilde closes her eyes and breathes hastily.
She's gone completely pale.

Captain: "First of all I want you to give me all the names of the Spartacist Committee, right now.
I'll tell you one thing: Wilhelm Papenburg.
We already have it.
Now I need nine more.
We know three of them for sure.
If they're not on your list, I'll shoot you in the foot once for everyone who's missing." He turned around.
"Bertold, do you have the bandages?"

Bertold: "Yes! Here.

Captain: "Or, hmm, I'll tell one of the boys here to give you a real hard run, just like a man.
You don't look so bad.
Well?
How's that?
Are there any volunteers?"

From the group: "Yes!", "Yes!", "Here!"

Captain comes close to her face: "Well?
Which would you prefer?
One of them or your foot?"
Hilde spits a big chunk of saliva in his face.
The captain straightens up, trembles and wipes his face.
He takes a deep breath and then hits Hilde in the face with his hand.

Captain: "You bitch! We can do it differently! Slut!"
He's walking around the room excited.
"Slut! Bertold!!"

Bertold: "Yes!"

Captain: "Bring him in.
We'll go right to level two."

Bertold: "Yes, Captain!"
____

/// BLENDE /// 2023, Marlene.

Marlene put the book away and exhaled a few times.

Marlene: "Fuck!"

Next to her was an Ethiopian newspaper with her picture on the front page.
She lay down on the hotel bed in a tiny room somewhere in the middle of Addis Ababa in Ethiopia.


{{{en/062_2023_Class meeting.md}}}

## **2023** Class meeting

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">The whole class</span> discussed lively in small groups throughout the classroom.
Kevin gesticulated wildly in front of some classmates.
Anni and Sophie showed others the smartphone and explained excitedly.
A teacher came into the room, stood in the middle in front of the blackboard, looked around and waited for rest.
After a while he shouted into the room: "Now there is peace here!
Sit down.
Take your places.
Everybody!
And that's NOW!"

None of the students responded.
He gasped for air, waited, looked, then shouted louder: "RUN!
QUIET NOW! GO TO YOUR SEATS!
What's the matter with you LOS?"

No response again.

Teacher says out loud: "I know ... I know what happened.
I know it! I know it!
Marlene Farras was in your class.
I understand you're upset about this.
And that's something to discuss.
But there's a time for everything.
You can continue after class in the big break."

Kevin turned to the teacher: "No, we can't do that only in the big break.
That's it now.
That's more important than teaching."
The class was calmer.
Some turned forward.

The teacher stood with his legs apart in the direction of Kevin: "I decide had happened here, not you, Kevin!
And we're going to class now!
Everybody take your places.
Right now!
I won't say that again."

In the room it became quite quiet and everyone looked to the teacher and to Kevin.

Kevin replied calmly, "No, that's not for you to decide.
This is more important.
Marlene's life is at stake.
And we speak until we know what we're doing for them."
Now it had become eerily quiet.
The teacher and Kevin looked each other in the eye.
Kevin crossed his arms.

Teacher: "Kevin, you risk a reprimand.
You already have one.
There's nothing we can do for Marlene.
She got herself into this and now she has to see how she gets out.
It is forbidden to hack into other people's computers and steal secret data.
No matter what it is.
She wasn't an insider, she didn't work there.
So she's not a Wistleblower either.
We live in a constitutional state and there are laws that have to be obeyed.
Marlene obviously didn't do that.
And he's breaking into the world's biggest secret service.
Besides, people have died."

Anni excitedly, loudly: "I FASSE IT NOT!
I don't believe this.
They were on a school trip with us and Marlene.
You've known her almost 10 years, you know how Marlene thinks.
You know why she does this.
And now you're chattering the media shit.
That's pure propaganda.
They teach us to make up our own minds.
And you fall for some cheap manipulation yourself.
I don't teach here anymore.
No.
Not today and not tomorrow."
She crossed her arms.

"I don't do class anymore either," Sophie said with a horrified expression.
She shook her head.
"It's about Marlene.
No more lessons for me.
No.
Until that's cleared up."
28 students looked at the teacher.

Teacher: "I, um, I..."

Kevin: "I don't do classes anymore either.
"Until Marlene's picture is right again and we can't hear any more shit like that."

Teacher: "KEVIN! ...Kevin!"
He looked around the classroom.
"It's... fourteen months to graduate."

Kevin loudly: "To the shit with the ABITUR!
It's about Marlene's life.
Don't you understand?
They have the death penalty in the United States.
Germany wants to extradite them.
Fuck the high school diploma!"

Teacher: "Kevin!
You don't know what you're talking about."

Kevin pointed the finger at the teacher:
"Yes, I do. I know that very well.
And I mean it.
And you let the media shit your brains out.
It smells like this."

Teacher breathed out and inhaled: "NO! OUT!"
He pointed his finger at the door.

Kevin didn't move.
The students around him stood demonstratively in front of him.
The teacher looked them in the faces one by one.
Everyone looked back calmly and resolutely.
After a while he turned to the door and hurried out of the room.
She fell into the castle behind him with a loud crash.

Kevin stood in the middle of the class and looked like absent towards the blackboard.
His classmates looked at him.
After infinitely long, silent one or two minutes, he said resolutely:
"We're on strike!
We're taking this seriously now.
Who's in?"

"Are you sure about that?" Tatjana, the best in her class, asked excitedly.
"I can't go along with this.
I can't do this."

"Absolutely." Kevin replied.
"But nobody has to go along with it, it's perfectly okay for me if someone doesn't want to go along with it.
But me, I can't help it."

"I'm in, too," Sophie shouted.
"For Marlene!"

"Me too," Anni said.
"For Marlene!"

There were some more "Me too!" shouts.
In the meantime Tatjana had packed her bag and was on her way to the door.
She turned around once more and looked into the class.
Then she put her bag down and said, "Fuck it, I'm staying, too."
Kevin ran up to her and hugged her.

Anni stood in the middle in front of the blackboard: "People!
I've got an idea.
I got it when I read the article."
It got quiet.
"We'll make contact with Marlene.
We'll write her an open letter.
The world doesn't know what it's really like.
People have to believe the media because they have nothing else.
Nobody knows what Marlene's really like.
We know that.
So we write a letter to her, then others can get an impression of her.
And then we find a newspaper that prints it and puts it on the Internet."

Lukas: "We send this to WikiLeaks.
I'm sure they'll tweet that.
You have nearly four million followers."

Kevin: "Good idea.
I'm sure she knows Marlene well if she doesn't even go along with it.
Who wants to write?"

"Sophie!" said a boy.
"Yes, Sophie," another one.

Sophie: "Okay, but you have to help me."
She took her bag, sat down at the table in the back corner of the window, unpacked her stationery and started.
Kevin followed her and sat down in front of her on the table.

The door bursts open.
The headmaster stood with wide legs and crossed arms in the entrance.
Behind him, half hidden, the teacher.

The headmaster thundered: "What is this place like, a pigsty?
This class again!
I told you I had my eye on you.
I told you that last time."
Three or four students turned to him.
"After the irresponsible tree climbing, where the whole class was together on one tree, and then after a teacher quit because of you..."

A student said, "She was totally incompetent."

Principal: "Shut up!
I'm talking now!
After a teacher quit because of you and we spoke, I thought that peace would come.
And now this!
Mr. Brunner has given you a clear instruction.
You have disobeyed them..."

A student: "That was Kevin, Kevin disobeyed her, not us."

Principal: "This is not possible at our school, not in this time.
The teachers bear a great responsibility, and therefore they must be able to say here what happens.
And that must be followed.
Absolutely.
Otherwise, chaos will break out."

A second pupil: "Do they also have responsibility for Marlene?
There are people who want to kill her."

Principal: "Hell!
Marlene Farras is no longer at this school!
We cannot be responsible for everyone, especially not for someone who enjoys himself somewhere in the world and then just hacks into military databases.
She knew what she was doing.
It didn't just happen to her."
He looked in the corner where Sophie wrote the letter with Kevin.
"KEVIN! Will you please come over here?"

Kevin took no notice.
He was engaged in a conversation with Sophie and did not care about what was otherwise going on in the classroom.

A second student to the rector: "Short update: She wasn't amused, she was on the run.
They've been telling us all along that she's having a good time.
That was a great crap.
Extreme shit."

Second student: "For me, everything you say about Marlene now is super implausible."

The rector first looked irritated at the students, then at Kevin and Sophie: "KEVIN!
ARE YOU COMING HERE NOW?
I won't say that again."

Anni: "You don't have to say that again.
He's not coming anyway."

The principal was gasping for air.
He looked briefly at the teacher, then into class.
Then he wanted to go to Kevin, but Anni and some other students stood in his way.

Principal: "Let me through!"

Anni positioned herself directly in front of him: "No!
He's working with Sophie.
You can see that.
He's doing something important.
And you're not disturbing him now!"
Behind her, the group moved closer together.
The rector opened his eyes, looked threateningly at Anni, then at Kevin, then into the group, then again at Anni.

Lukas from the side: "You once told us that we should learn to take responsibility.
That's what we're doing now.
Because the teachers don't seem to.
Marlene's life is in danger.
Don't you get it?
It's not a game anymore!"

The headmaster grabbed Anni's shoulder with anger and tried to push her aside.
She blocked it.

The principal shouted a hand's breadth away from her face, "Go I FROM THE WAY!
This is already having consequences for you.
Don't make it worse."

Anni stood up and looked him in the eye, "No!" She trembled slightly.

Luke took the hand of the rector with power from Annis shoulder: "That does not work.
"Teachers are not allowed to reach out to schoolgirls at this school."

The headmaster pulled out and slapped Luke in the face so that his head flew to the side.
Lukas held his cheek, gasped for air and looked at the headmaster with astonished eyes.
He held his breath and looked back.
Luke took a step forward, turned his head and said calmly: "Do you also want to hit the other side? Wanker!"

The principal turned red.
He tried to say something, moved his hand, but then turned around and left the room, the teacher followed him.


{{{en/063_2023_Open letter.md}}}

## **2023** Open letter

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">All students sat</span> together in a large circle of chairs in the middle of the classroom.
The tables were stacked on top of each other on the wall.

Anni: "I'll read it to you:"

Kevin: "Super."

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
Dear Marlene!


We learned a few hours ago that you'd been in contact with
on an international warrant for your arrest because you're
you're supposed to have hacked into the vulnerability database. That you
that you were, we can all introduce ourselves here. Thank you. I'll take care of it.
for that. Thank you for having the courage to make your life
for it, for us. Thank you for not having yourself.
I'll let you intimidate me.


That's how we know you. No one's ever intimidated you. We
everyone here is very proud of you, everyone, without exception. And
nothing will stop us from doing that: not the nonsense that is
media about you, not any promises,
like the companies, not to install back doors anymore,
and also not threats from our teachers or from anybody else.
who. We're not gonna be intimidated anymore.


No matter what we do here, you've been braver than us.
we're going to strike here in class until your picture is in
is corrected in the public mind so that we can keep you
I recognize you.


We miss you very much. We could use your abilities now.
I'm not afraid I'm gonna need it too. We didn't know all this time,
that you're on the run. We've been told that with your
I'm gonna take you on a trip around the world with your brother. The teachers and your family
I've said that before. None of this was right, neither was the
what's in the paper today about you, which is even an
Teacher of ours in our room represented and defended. We
threw him out of the room. He's also the principal he's been working with.
came back after that.


We know that you haven't changed, and the things that
you're doing because you're convinced that you can
she has to do. Just like we're doing now what we believe we're doing.
to have to.


We hope so much that somewhere out there in the world.
is going well. That they won't find you and that you'll go on
you can do what you want to do. We're with you no matter what.
you're up to. It would be so nice to have you here with us right now.


Your class
</div>
Kevin looked around and said, "Everyone agree?"

Anni wiped a tear from her eyes: "Yes."

Kevin: "Then we send it away.
I just opened a new Twitter account: @MarlenesClass.
Okay?

Lukas: "Great.
Send it off."

Kevin pressed a button: "Okay.
It's gone.
WikiLeaks has it.
Let's see when they retweet it."


{{{en/064_2023_The Manifesto_1.md}}}

## **2023** The Manifesto (1)

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marwin walked up and down the meeting room with </span> a pen in his mouth.
Suddenly he made a big step towards the wall, stopped in front of it and bobbed on his feet: "Encryption, encryption ... Hmm.
And then... Yes!" He snapped his fingers.
"Yes, exactly!" He sat down at the table, turned the pages and wrote:

"2 -- The great ideals of our time, economic growth, money gain and security, no longer apply.
We can't carry her in our hearts anymore.
They create opposition, distrust and fear everywhere.
We need new ideals, stronger ideals, ideals that can unhinge everything that is old and encrusted.
And we already have these ideals, everyone has them.
For example: justice, transparency of public life, overcoming oppression (no more bosses!), creative togetherness, trust, courage..."

He turned the page.

"3 - We must overcome our opposition.
There's only one humanity.
Being against each other separates what in reality belongs together.
There are no terrorists, no anarchists and no Nazis.
There are only people who are blinded by the opposition, who kill, rape, intimidate, abuse, oppress, belittle or set shitstorms in motion because they themselves are afraid, because they are blind from fear.
Fear is curable."

He turned the page.

"4 -- We must keep holy the power of initiative in every human being, even those within ourselves.
Create spaces for it, spaces in which we meet each other, meet others, invent things together, be creative, freely follow our own impulses.
We must learn where the borders to the other are, when I hurt the impulse of the other, and learn to withdraw there and let him live."

Marwin took the pen between his teeth, stood up and started walking around the room again.
Every now and then he stopped, bounced his feet.
After a while he looked at the mirror wall, behind which people were probably sitting and watching him.
He smiled warmly in her direction.

"What may be going on in them now?" he thought.
"Why do they do such a boring job of observing him even though they have no interest at all in him as a human being?
They look hours and hours at something they don't care about.
This is a waste of time.
Five days a week, that kind of work?
No, I couldn't do that.
And they certainly think of themselves on the better, more pleasant side of history, on the freer side.
But that's an illusion.
Victor Frankl experienced the greatest moments of his own freedom in a German concentration camp as a prisoner, not as a guard.
Yes, I can understand that now," Marwin thought and stretched out his arms in the air.
"Yes ... to understand the other.
Think yourself into him.
That's it."

He took the pencil out of his mouth, sat down again, turned the pages and wrote.

"5 -- Empathy is the art of thinking and feeling oneself so far into another that one understands why he does what he does.
So much so that you say to yourself that you would do the same if you were in his place and had his story.
No child is born with an urge to kill another human being.
We'll buy him.
Children do not know a superior race, people, nation or company where some people are worth more than others.
Making such differences between people is alien to us as a child.
We'll learn later.
That's why we can unlearn it again."

He put the pencil on the table and straightened up and said loudly: "Yes, we can unlearn that again!
Then he said, "But how?
How do we unlearn that?"


{{{en/065_2023_Answer.md}}}

## **2023** Answer

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Kevin looked up</span> the clock.
Half an hour had passed since they had sent the message to WikiLeaks.
Still no tweet, no answer, no reaction at all.

Lukas: "You are still writing, Kevin.
Don't you worry about it.
Otherwise, we'll find another way."

Kevin was a little unsure: "Show me the letter again."

Lukas shoved Sophie's laptop over his shoulder.
There was a knock on the door.
Anni got up and opened the door.
"No teacher would knock," she thought and smiled.

Outside stood a man about 25 years old.

Man: "May I come in?"

Anni: "Yes, please."

Luke looked at the door and shouted: "Oskar!
What are you doing here?"

Oskar laughed: "Luke, are you here?
In _the_ class.
I didn't know that. I didn't know that.
That's good!"

He walked up to him and they hugged each other.

Lukas: "Hej, it's not a coincidence that you're here, is it?"

Oskar shook his head: "No.
I come from WikiLeaks.
I was just closest to you, so they asked me if I wanted to stop by.
They need information."

Lukas: "WikiLeaks!"

He turned around and shouted to the class: "Hej, Oskar here comes from WikiLeaks."

Everybody looked up.
Kevin and Anni turned to Luke.
Others joined them.

Luke: "What kind of information do you need?"

Oskar: "Did you just send this message to WikiLeaks?" He held a sheet of paper against Luke.

Luke took it, looked at it and nodded, "Yes, we did." He passed the paper on to Kevin.

Oskar clenched a fist: "Geil!
Then this is real!
Great!
Hello, what you're doing is really good!
It's got explosive power, I tell you.
At the moment there are some people waiting for a confirmation at WikiLeaks, that you can believe.
They're not doing anything else right now.
You're out of your fucking mind.
This is gonna be a big one.

So, if you want a retweet, send the code word: "Marlene for President" to WikiLeaks.
And if you want them not only to retweet, but to do what they want with the letter, then send: "Marlene for President!!", with two exclamation marks.
Then they'll really make it known."

The whole class had gathered around the group in the meantime.
Kevin sat down in front of his laptop and started typing. "Marlene for President Exclamation Mark Exclamation Mark," he read out loud.
"Anyone mind?" He looked around.
"No?
- Okay. (laughs)
She's gone!
Yeah!

He jumped up and clapped his hands with Lukas, then with a little hesitation also with Oskar.
Other students did the same, many hugged each other.

Kevin jumped around, "Horny, horny, horny." He jumped at Sophie and hugged her.

Oskar laughed and looked at Kevin, then at the class: "Hey, it's cool here.
I think I'll stay here a little.
That feels good.
Maybe I can help you a little, too.
How are things with you and Opsec?"

"Opsec?" Lukas asked.

Oskar: "Operational Security.
How well are you secured against surveillance?
Do you have Linux?
Cubes?
AMT-free computers?
One tin can for all smartphones?
I mean, this is gonna be a Secret Service thing.
They want to be here live, that's for sure.
But we can do that.
We'll let them swear a little."


{{{en/066_2064_A flying combat robot.md}}}

## **2064** A flying combat robot

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Lasse sat up</span> the back seat of a van and worked on his laptop.
They were driving on some highway through Arizona, through the middle of the desert.
Driver and co-driver were engaged in a conversation.

Lasse launched Pond.
He looked spellbound at the screen.
First, the usual message:

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
>>> There are no messages waiting to be transmitted.
</div>
He typed "log."

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
- &lt;font color="#ffff00"&gt;-==- proudly presents
</div>
"Wait five minutes. Okay!" he thought.
Pond did not fetch and send messages immediately, but at random times.
It made it harder for secret services to figure out if someone was using Pond.

Lasse: "No, not okay."
He typed "transact now."
After a few moments:

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
(Jan 14 10:40) Message received from sig
</div>
"Shit. Shit!
It's here: The news from Sig," he thought, "Now it's going to be exciting.
Is he free?"
He typed "show."

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
Hi, Lasse,

I'm with Tim!!! Yes! I'm out! Everything worked out. This is
some super turd there. I really can't believe it. I'm
I have a fucking rage. When I meet Fortunato in the dark,
then I stick a cyanide capsule up his ass. But one with
water-soluble shell. And in the last 30 minutes of his life.
I'll tell him Monty Python sketches one at a time-
the same. Such a super asshole.


But I'm out for now. That's good. That's good. And without persecution-
ger. I'm sitting here in a 60-year-old nuclear fallout shelter under
Tim's house. His grandmother built it. They really did have
Fear of nuclear war. You think so? Just like later before Terro-
risten. But now it's helping us. No signals coming out of here.
or pure. All tight.


Joe gave me a little clock for my hydrogen cyanide capsule-
so that she always thinks she is connected to the outside world.
and does not release the acid at some point ... my dear Klei-
No. It wasn't so hard to do, Joe has the system program
of the capsule. And it actually works because: I'm
still alive. It's been more than five hours. Only if I can
out of here I have to have a super fun under my clothes.
Tighten the aluminum costume: So that the dear little one doesn't somehow
to the house.


I'm slowly waking up too, and my head's not turning in.
Waves around. It's crazy what they give you there so you can
you can't think. I'd rather have handcuffs than pills like that. I'm
I think I need a real rehab, or rather Lilly's.
Chilli Ginger Garlic Diet: For two weeks: Remember? Morbid
after waking up: two freshly plucked and peeled
chew the garlic cloves slowly, keeping your composure and
always smile softly ...


I came here with that hitchhiking trick you just pulled
used. I had three random drivers first, then Joe, Luis.
and last, Tim. Six stations. They can't handle it, not if they can't.
Joe, Luis and Tim drive. And since Joe, I've been wearing that costume.
the clock.


Now I'm going to chill. Mate's standing right in front of me. When
are you coming?


sig
</div>
Lasse wrote, "reply."

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
Hi Sig!

Wow, great! I'm with the Hitchhiking right now at the third
Station. I don't think the driver's LBI. It's a courier.
and obviously has a colleague with him. He's taking me
to Phoenix. That's where Trevor waits. I'll see you in the morning,
I think.
</div>
He saved the message and entered "send".
Pond answered:

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
>>> There is one message waiting to be transmitted.
</div>
Lasse exhaled.
Two hours to Phoenix.
"Okay," he thought, "it's time to disarm the first bomb and send their Bitcoins back."

He opened the terminal program and connected to the computer in the Tor network where the first bomb was located.
He looked at her: 25 minutes to detonation.
Then he typed:

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
bbomb --disarm
</div>
The program responded:

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
Passphrase:
</div>
He breathed deeply.

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
KvTsS#Fwf+w/~pOIet19

Bitcoin bomb disarmed.
</div>
"It's that simple," he thought. "Okay, now wire it back."

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
bbomb --transfer-all 3J98t1WpEZ73CNmQviecrnyiWrnqRhWNLy
</div>
The moment he wanted to press the enter button with his finger, the car was driving over a bump.
Lasse made a sentence up together with the laptop.

"Sorry!" said the driver from the front.
"I didn't see them."

The command in the terminal program had disappeared.
Lasse presses the up arrow button to retrieve it.
He wasn't there anymore.
Lasse looked around the car irritated.
He typed the arrow key a few more times: nothing.
He didn't understand.
Orders couldn't just disappear like that.
He looked around, his gaze went outside, then forward.
They were heading for a bend with a hill behind them.

"OOOHH SHIT!" he shouted out loud.
Behind the hill, directly in front of them, a flying combat robot floated, slowly turning towards them.
He immediately recognized the model, Reaper MQ-11, at that time brand new, he could stand in the air.
Lasse knew him very well, he was one of his favorite robots, not the fastest, but crazy agile.
His heart began to race.
Twice a short twitch of a fireball on the combat robot.
Lasse instinctively ripped up his arms to cover his face.
Half a second later, two rockets whizzed by to the left and right of the car, 50 metres behind them hit two cars that disappeared in a fireball.
Lasse and his laptop were thrown up again, the driver somehow made the car stop.

"Fuck!" screamed Lasse, "Fuck! Fuck!" He jumped out of the car and looked back at the blazing wrecks.
His heart was racing.
"That doesn't make any sense," he shouted.
He thought, "They'll stop me before they get the money. Fuck! No!
That doesn't make any sense!"

He looked towards the combat robots.
He had no more missiles and turned around.
Then he looked left into the sky.
"Oh!" he thought.
He opened his eyes.
A white giant balloon hovered over the steppe next to the highway, the same as in San Diego over the sea.
Only this time much closer.
It was probably twenty times bigger than normal hot-air balloons.
And it was written on him all over the place:

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
AK768-X5P

sZEf\~ofUA+
</div>
Lasse stared at him and nodded slowly.
He knew the balloon well.
It came from TRON.
But what was he doing here? Now? Now?
It was a clue for him.
The bump had prevented him from sending the Bitcoins.
The combat robot was an intimidation from the LBI, they had probably become nervous.
It was a little greeting: "We are with you and ready for everything."

"Shit!" he thought, "they kill people for that..."
He grabbed his belly.
"But what is TRON trying to tell me?
sZEf\~ofUA+ is a password, sure.
But AK768-X5P? What the hell was that? I know that from somewhere."
He was thinking.
He walked around the freeway a few times in a circle.
"Yes! Sure! It's a satellite."

He jumped in the car and typed something on his laptop.

"This must be the satellite the LBI uses to control the combat robots."
He thought, "We found him. Finally!
And an access to it right away.
Sigur must know that.
Right now.
Then we can hunt them down.
It's gonna be a thing.
Yeah, they showed up.
Now we find their combat robots.
This is gonna be fun."

He smiled and typed.

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
Hi Sig,

The AK768-X5P controls the LBI combat robots. single
was just at 34.513079 / -113.4173765, a new Reaper
MQ-11. Can you find him? I'll get around to it when I'm in the middle of something.
Phoenix changed cars. The password is sZEf\~ofUA+

Lasse.
</div>
He waited until Pond had sent the message and closed his laptop.


{{{en/067_2064_Back in the 20th century.md}}}

## **2064** Back in the 20th century

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">In Fortunato's Beach House.</span> Fortunato was walking around the beach apartment with a high red head.
Jonny was sitting in an armchair.
Two men in black suits stood to his side, overlooking Fortunato and on two life-size monitors showing the two agents Lasse had spoken to in San Diego.
A camera followed Fortunato automatically.

Fortunato: "This is a CATASTROPE!
I give you two super hackers on a silver platter, and you just let them go.
Ha! You call the CIA Trantüten and the NSA Schnarchnasen and then two hackers escape you with a simple car interplay ...
The first one's already gone and we haven't had a signal from the second one in 35 minutes."
He showed a display on the wall that showed the names of Lasse and Sigur and behind each of them a map section with a question mark in the middle and a time.

First agent:
"He's at a mall in Phoenix.
It's our turn.
We've got 13 men on the ground in this department store now.
And more than 200 are on their way there as a backup.
He can't get away.
No problem."

Fortunato: "You guys still don't understand what this is about.
This is war.
We have the greatest network of contacts providing us with information from anywhere in the world, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
And the most important of them we get under camouflage.
Not only under camouflage from our enemies, no, also under camouflage from CIA, NSA, most of the government.
Maybe 11 or 12 people in Washington know about us.
That's why we have to protect our people's cover!
That's why we pay them with Bitcoins.
In the year 2028 such a thing does not cost dollars or Euros, that costs Bitcoins, many Bitcoins.
By Monday, the supplies will be used up.
Get away!
Then we can no longer serve our contacts.
We can't just transfer money, we can't take cash anywhere, we can't buy Bitcoins for cash.
We need too much.
We hold over 12 percent of all Bitcoins there are.
Yes!
And 11.9 percent are now in the hands of a 20-year-old who walks around a department store just to escape you."

Second agent: "Access immediately, I say, take him to a safe place and then personally convince him to defuse the other three bombs right now and return the Bitcoins.
Maybe he dies in the process.
But not before he disarms the bombs.
I could be in Phoenix in three hours.
You'll have the money in six hours.

Fortunato with a slightly red head: "Or the shop has flown around our ears.
I don't want to wake up and realize the Bitcoins are gone.
Then we can shut this thing down!
I just explained that to you.
Is somebody listening to me?
There must be another way.

Still can't get into their laptops?
You still don't know where the bombs are?
I mean, this is the gate net, we know the gate net, but we're blind here, completely blind.
We don't know what they're talking about, we don't know what they're doing, we don't know anything, we don't find the bombs, nothing, nothing, nothing.
And now both stations are silent, we don't even have a location.
Are we back in the 20th century now?"

First agent: "I just got word... We lost him!"

Fortunato: "WAAASSS?" He turned powder red on his face.
"NO! LAPP NOSES! INCAPABLE!
They'll neuter you."

He closed his eyes and then suddenly screamed:
"S C H E I S S E !"
He stepped against one of the large screens, which fell backwards and smashed into thousands of splinters.
He yelled at the agents on the remaining monitor:
"Change of plans! Change of plans. I want him here, I want both of them here now!
We'll do this the old way.
Not that super-secret bureaucratic shit with hundreds of lame asses.
Access!
ACCESS!
Did you hear that? Get them! Get them!
Both of them.
Bring her here.
I want her in this room before sundown today.
I won't go through with this anymore.
We're gonna do this the way we used to do it."


{{{en/068_1918_2023_Interrogation_2.md}}}

## **2023, 1918** Interrogation (2)

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">A dirty street café</span> in a shopping street somewhere in Addis Ababa. Marlene was sitting in a corner, halfway behind a column, drinking tea.
Two native young men with black sunglasses looked over at her from a neighboring table. She looked away, reached into her backpack and took out the paperback. She was just about to start reading when suddenly a platform truck stopped and men in uniform and sunglasses jumped down. Three of them stood in front of the café with their submachine guns in front of them. On the other side of the street, something similar seemed to be going on.

Marlene proud. She watched closely what was happening, put one hand on her backpack.

"No problem!" shouted one of the young men from the next table. "It's just the Home Secretary, he wants a cup of coffee over there."

Marlene nodded to him and then delved back into her book.


### SCENE 9: Vault cellar.

____
Hilde gagged again, still on the same chair.
The captain's standing next to her.

He bends down to Hilde, goes very close to her ear with his mouth and whispers half loudly:
"Well?
You know what's next, don't you?
Don't you want to spare yourself that?
And Wilhelm, too?
I'll tell you the price: You choose one of the boys here who is allowed to take you in.
They're all hungry.
Then you write the names down for me.
If the names are right, you can go home and cook yourself a plate of noodles.
Maybe take a shower first... Hmm?
How's that?
...
Yeah, I know, it's a little more expensive than before.
But that's how it is in life, the longer you wait, the more expensive it gets."

Hilde shows no emotion.

"Klock!", the door jumps open and two of the soldiers drag in a man who pedals his legs powerlessly.
They put him on a chair about ten meters from Hilde, so that she can just see him from the corner of her eye.
He can barely hold himself upright on the chair.

Hilde looks over and thinks, "Oh, no.
Wilhelm!
What have they done to you?"

Wilhelm takes no notice of her.
She's breathing: "What's next?"

The captain bends down to her again: "Your brother's here."
He's got a big grin on her face.

"I can still see you walking down the avenue, hand in hand, so merrily...
Then he put you on his shoulder.
It's not so romantic now.
I see what you mean.
But no matter.

I have another problem now.
I have to decide how I'm going to wind this thing up.
I want the list of names.
You both know them.
So I have to decide: Who gets the special treatment and who's gonna tell me the names?
Hmm.
Hilde or Wilhelm?
Wilhelm or Hilde?"
He swings his hand back and forth.

"Wilhelm!
Wilhelm gets treated, and you tell me the names.
Okay?
He shouted out, "Phase one."

A soldier approaches Wilhelm from behind and hits him on the head with a broken broom handle.
He's moaning out loud.
"Rumms," again.
The soldier takes the stick to the other side of the head and strikes again.
Wilhelm moans loudly again and then whimpers quietly.

Captain: "Well?
Abort?
I mean, you know we can do more than that.
You Spartacists must have talked about it before.
Oh, I see. You can't talk.
Bertold!"

Bertold comes and takes off her gag. Hilde coughs and spits on the floor, but doesn't answer.

Captain: "Hmm.
Isn't it?
Okay, then it's phase two.
And you choose two boys.
It's getting more expensive.
I told you."

"Wait, Captain.
I have an intermediate layer," calls Bertold.

Captain: "Intermediate insert?
Good.
You always have good interludes."

Bertold slowly approaches Wilhelm from behind.
Then he opens his trousers, grabs his penis and pisses Wilhelm over his back and shoulder with a wide beam, accompanied by loud laughter from all the other soldiers.

Captain: "Joah.
Good deposit!
That'll help.
But it smells terrible, all the way over here!
Don't do things like that too often.
But now: Phase 2.
All but Bertold leave the room."

The room empties.
Bertold goes to a shelf on the wall in which there are some pliers and knives.
He looks for a while and then takes a big little pair of pincers.

Bertold: "The toe and finger forceps." He's holding it towards the captain.
Hilde looks over at him, closes her eyes again and breathes heavily.

Captain loudly: "First the fingers, first the thumb", then he looks at Hilde: "Well?" Hilde's breathing harder.
She's starting to sweat.

Bertold: "Thumb?
That's good."
He takes Wilhelm's hand.
He's fighting back.
Bertold grabs harder.
Wilhelm snatches his hand from him with his last strength.

Bertold: "Well, you don't want to?
No problem."

Bertold sits down on his lap with a swing so that he wedges Wilhelm's arm under him.
He takes his hand by force.
Wilhelm can't do anything anymore.
He's trying to pull her away, but he can't.
Bertold uses the pliers.

Hilde: "STOP!"

The captain introduces himself: "Stop?
Okay, who do you want to fuck?
Should I call the boys back in so you can choose?"

Hilde: "Give me a piece of paper and a table.
I'll write the names down for you."

Captain: "One by one.
The boys here are so looking forward to it."

Hilde says, "I need a table, a piece of paper and a pencil."

The captain thinks briefly.
"Okay.
Then we'll change the order.
First the names.
It's better that way anyway.
Then you're still fresh when you write.
Come on, table over here!"

Bertold carries the table to Hilde, she gets a pencil and the sheet on which already "Wilhelm Papenburg" with his address was written above.
Bertold opens her handcuffs.
She breathes deeply and begins to write.
____

Marlene closed the paperback and looked at the three submachine gun men.
Then she pulled a laptop out of her backpack and turned it on.

"Pling!" it came off the speaker. Marlene taps the keyboard and smiles.

Marlene quietly: "Lago Maggiore? Yah."


{{{en/069_2064_My combat robot, your combar robot.md}}}

## **2064** My combat robot, your combar robot

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">A police car</span> at normal speed on the highway.
The driver in uniform with black sunglasses looked into the rearview mirror.
Phoenix slowly disappeared on the horizon.
He smiled and then said out loud: "The air is clear! You can come out."

From behind the back seat of the car came a loud knock: "boom" Then again: "boom ... boom!"
The driver whistled quietly a melody.
He looked over the rearview mirror to the rear seat and smiled.
"Boom!" the back seat folded forward and Lasse put his head through the opening.
He looked at the driver.
He turned around and grinned, "We're out!"
Lasse: "Geil!
Jesus, Trevor!
Great thing!
And this."
He looked around the car.

Trevor: "What is it?"

Lasse: "A cop car?
That's a cop car.
Like the Blues Brothers."

Trevor: "Sure!
With bull engine and bull tyres.
Do you like it?"

Lasse: "I love it.
Hey, and a satellite radio operator, too."
He put his hand on a big device with antennas next to him in the back seat.
"That's very good.
Then we don't have to take any detours... Hey, LBI, they're real snorers.
It's as big a bureaucracy as the other secret shops.
They haven't learned a thing.
I used to think American intelligence was the best in the world... Pah.
Such a simple trick.
With announcement.
And it works."

Trevor: "Nah, they're not the best.
They only have the most money.
We're the best.
Money and secrecy make you tired and stupid.
Especially in ultra-secret intelligence that no one knows.
It's as bad as an ultra-secret encryption program where no one ever controls what it really does."

Lasse: "And they're scared, they're so scared of everything they do.
Nothing can go wrong.
They need a superior force of people everywhere.
Not ten times more people, no, fifty times more.
I didn't think it was that gross.
They've responded to everything I've offered them.
They probably think they'll die if they don't have their bitcoins anymore.
Without money, they're dead.
It's so gross."

Trevor: "And where don't we have to take detours?"

Lasse: "We will turn the tables a little, I think.
You made a mistake.
They showed us one of their combat robots.
And Sigur might have found him by now.
We have an access code - game gift from TRON."

Trevor blinked with his eyes: "What's that over there?"
He pointed to a small dot in the sky about two kilometers ahead of them.

Lasse: "What?
Ah, yes.
I see it.
I don't know... Oh... No... Shiiiiit!"

Trevor: "What?"

Lasse is excited: "This is a Reaper.
Another Reaper MQ-11.
Oh, shit.
DEPARTURE!
Let's go!
I didn't transfer the Bitcoins.
We only have a few seconds.
Get off the highway."

Trevor: "Here?"

Lasse: "Drive!
Hurry!
Hurry!
Or no!
Get behind that truck over there.
Hurry.
Lasse reached forward with his arm, but couldn't quite reach the steering wheel.

Trevor: "It's good, it's good, it's good.
I'll drive."
He drove the car behind the truck.
A few moments later a flying combat robot hissed past them in close proximity.
They both pulled their heads in.

Lasse threw himself back and looked out the back window: "Shit!
It flies at the speed of ten meters altitude.
Is he stupid?
This is complete insanity.
They have new pilots."

The combat robot turned with a breathtaking maneuver and looked directly at her car, maybe 200 meters away.
Four missiles were clearly visible.

Leave excited: "GOD!
Four Hellfire missiles.
What'll we do?
I can't think of anything.
I don't know nothing.
Stop the car!
Get out of the car, side ditch."

Trevor made an emergency stop on the hard shoulder.
Both jumped out of the car and threw themselves over the crash barriers into a ditch.
The fighting robot flew over them, much slower this time, turned once more and then stopped in the air turned towards them.
Lasse and Trevor buried their heads under their arms and bit their teeth.
They trembled all over.
But nothing happened.
The combat robot stood there and floated.
Almost as loud as a helicopter.

"Shit!" Lasse shouted in Trevor's ear.
"What's that?
Why doesn't he shoot?"

Trevor shouted back: "Maybe that's Sigur!
You said you had a code."

"Nonsense!" Lasse shouted, "this is a Reaper MQ-11, this is not Sigur ...
That's not Sigur... That's... Hey, maybe that's Sigur!"
He jumped up and jumped back to the car, took the laptop and started the jabber chat program.
"Pling!" a message came in.

Sigur: "Hej, don't you recognize me?
Who makes such turns with a Reaper MQ-11?
A CIA pilot?
Forget it."

Lasse: "That's your fighting robot?
You stole it?"

Sigur: "Borrowed!
He was on a training flight, fully armed.
It's like an opportunity.
And then I hid it right away, so they can't track where I am.
I think they're looking for the wreck somewhere already."

Lasse: "Fucking awesome!
What are you gonna do with it?"

Sigur: "I don't know yet.
It was so awesome to take him, and so easy.
All I had to do was grab it.
Hello, I have full access to the satellite, root.
It controls 29 combat robots as a hidden side function.
Otherwise, he'll be broadcasting TV stations and telephone conversations.
The planes are all in the hangar now, except two.
All they have to do is come out and I can take them.
I'm going to fly mine behind the hill now, maybe it's not so good here right on the highway."

The battle robot flew off the highway.
Trevor crashed into the car: "Police.
Police are coming in the back."

Lasse closed his door and looked back.
The police car came closer.
Then the blue lights came on and it drove out to the right and stopped behind them about 20 meters away.
Two policemen got out and moved towards Lasse and Trevor with guns drawn.

Trevor: "Oh, yes.
I turned off the police radio so we wouldn't be tracked.
That's suspicious."

Lasse: "Shit!
It doesn't look like we could talk to them.
Too dangerous.
Step on it!"
Trevor started the engine and drove away with screeching tyres.
The cops ran back, jumped into their car and followed them.

Lasse activated Jabber's speech recognition so that Sigur could also hear what was being said in the car.
He said, "Sigur, police.
They wanted to stop us.
We drove away."

Sigur replied, "Okay.
I'll look into it." After a short time the robot reappeared in the sky.
He flew about a hundred meters to the right behind the police car, which raced at high speed across the highway with blue lights.

Trevor: "30 miles to Cornville.
Roger gets there around 1:00 in the morning and you can wait in an empty house."

Lasse: "But we're not going there as long as the police are after us."

Trevor: "I can't get away from them.
I can't go any faster.
And maybe there's a roadblock coming up.
Shall I turn around?"

Lasse: "I don't know.
Shit!"

Sigur: "Tim here turned on the police radio.
They're already building the roadblock.
She's 25 miles away.
You have to get out of there."

Lasse: "But how do we get rid of him behind us?"

Trevor: "Sigur, can't you just shoot her?"
Lasse and Trevor laughed.

Sigur: "Okay.
You're pretty alone on the freeway right now."

Lasse screamed: "SIGUR! NOT!"
He looked at the combat robot and seconds later saw a fireball flickering and the police car behind them disappeared in a huge explosion.

Lasse and Trevor flinched and both looked at the burning wreck and then at each other.

Lasse, Trevor: "Shit! Sigur!"

Sigur: "Hey, you're alone.
You are free!"

Lasse: "Get off the highway.
Right here."
Trevor left the motorway on the spot in the direction of a road that passed at some distance.
The car bumped over the grass and arrived on the other side without getting stuck.

Lasse: "Stop the car! Stop the car!
What do we do now?"

Trevor didn't stop and said: "I'll drive you about 20 kilometers from here somewhere into the pampas, we'll find a place protected by satellite, you take my folding bike, that's in the trunk, wait one or two hours and then drive over to Cornville at dusk.
That's the safest way.
They won't be coming right away with thermal cameras.
They're not prepared.
And then I try to get to the car I was going to drive back in anyway.
We're prepared.
Not you."

Lasse: "And, Sigur, let the combat robot crash somewhere controlled.
If they find out we kidnapped him, the whole wasp nest is after us."

Sigur: "They're already after us anyway.
And they'll know soon enough.
I mean, there's rocket parts all over the highway."

Lasse: "It takes them a while to figure out that it was a Reaper MQ-11, that none was missing in the Army and CIA arsenals, none was on the road in those days, and then someday someone from the LBI tells them that they lost one just in those days.
It's all above top secret.
The information doesn't flow that fast.
We'll have at least a few hours of rest.
So now this thing is banging on the ground somewhere in the desert!"


{{{en/070_2023_The Manifesto_2.md}}}

## **2023** The Manifesto (2)

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marwin turned the page on </span> and continued: "6 -- We don't listen to each other.
We hear the words that someone else says and make our own thoughts out of them.
Then we won't have what the other guy was thinking.
Not what he said anymore.
Not even what we heard.
Then we have what we think about what we have heard from what the other has said, about what he has thought.
It's always these four levels when we communicate.
Thinking - Saying - Listening - Thinking.
And mostly all four differ, sometimes in grotesque ways, sometimes in decisive details.
Wars are waged, murders committed, people excluded - only because we do not distinguish between them.
These four things must grow together, become one.
But that's impossible.
You can't become one.
Nevertheless, we must try!
It's a matter of trying.
We must learn to look at things from more than one side, remain agile in our words and thoughts."

He turned the page.

"7 -- We need transparency, openness from everything public, from everything that concerns us, from everything that is not private.
When I use or consume something, I have a human right to know what happened to it before:
Who produced my electricity, which I take out of the socket, how was it produced?
Who helped build my computer, who wrote my software and what did he or she do?
What do companies do to develop a product, to build it, to sell it?
How does the state ensure my safety?
What's he doing for it?
Does he kill other people for it?
How many? Who's that?
Does he torture for it?
Is he suppressing?"

He turned the page.

"8 - We need courage, much courage, to overcome fear.
Fear is one of the two great instruments of oppression.
The more anxious people are, the easier it is to manipulate and control them.
Intimidation makes slaves.
Courage is the strength to overcome fear.
Courage is as contagious as fear.

And anger, it is the warm, powerful power in our body.
Anger is not aggression.
We need a lot of anger to overcome crippling hope.
Hope made from the outside paralyzes you.
We don't need this.
We always have enough hope of our own in us.
We just lose sight of them sometimes.
Hope dies last."

He turned the page.

"9-- people can't be numbers anymore.
A person cannot be statistically recorded.
It kills him.
The sentence "Eleven people died in firefight" kills people a second time.
In reality it was Anke, Helmut, Tim, Trevor, Silke, Antje, Lisa, Jochen, Leon, Aischa and Finn.
They all died in different ways, they all had individual lives.
They were just together when they died.
People can't be numbers anymore, people are people."

He put the pencil on the table and looked at the text.

"Okay, "People are people.
That's a nice last word.
I think that's all," he thought.
"There's nothing more to it."

He took the pencil and wrote a summary:

"Encrypt,

real ideals,

to overcome the opposition,

free development,

I can empathize with you,

Thoughts instead of words,

Openness,

Courage and anger,

man as man".

He put the pencil back on the table and stretched out.

Marwin: "And who am I going to give this to?
...shit ...Linda? ...no! …

Marlene!
Oskar!
Julian!
... But how?" He closed his eyes.
Then he raised his hands, opened his eyes and shouted, "I need magic!"
He looked at the booklet intensively, rolled his eyes, spread his fingers over it in strange shapes and said mysteriously as he moved his hands up and down: "Abara kadabara, find your way to ... Marlene ... Oskar ... Julian ... Tobi".

He looked astonished at his fingers and said to them, "Hmm?
What do you want?
What do you want now?"
He nodded.
"Yes, I can imagine.
I'd die for a keyboard.
And if it were just a trouser keyboard on a Raspberry Pi or Olimex board.
I miss it so much!
Shit! Shit! Shit!
That would be better than a mate on a Berlin roof at sunset." He took the pen and wrote:

"Love of technology"

He looked at the list and nodded.
"Now it's beautiful.
Exactly, we must develop a broad love of technology..."

He formed his fingers again in the most absurd way and moved them over the full-written sheet: "Abrakadubrabra," he said loudly, "fly to Marlene, fly to Oskar, fly to Julian and Tobi.


{{{en/071_2023_On Lago Maggiore.md}}}

## **2023** On Lake Maggiore

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene sat with</span> a large, round hat on the terrace of a vacation apartment on Lake Maggiore, in northern Italy.
She looked over the lake, to the mountains on the opposite side.
The terrace was overgrown with agaves from the left and right, and on the terrace itself there were pots with large plants everywhere.
She sat in the shade cross-legged on a basket chair, her hands in a meditation gesture, her eyes closed.
After a while she opened her eyes and put on her headset, put her legs on a small table, took the laptop on her lap and started typing.

Marlene with half volume in her headset: "Hej!"

She listened.

Marlene: "Everything is very quiet here.
I can work.
The terrace is theoretically visible from the other bank, but that's four and a half kilometres.
It's okay."

She listened.

Marlene: "Yes, of course I have heard about the new leaks on Google.
I know these two boys personally.
It's really unbelievable: The Android people actually managed to clean the back doors for the third time.
For the third time!
And swore twice before never to do it again.
What are they doing?
They completely lose their credibility.
I know some regular people who are going through the ceiling now."

She listened.

"No, that's bullshit, they didn't find those two.
They're still here and active."

She listened.

"Of course I'm sure.
I just got a Ricochet message.
They've found others, maybe they need some scapegoats.
Maybe it didn't run quite clean, maybe they hacked into other accounts internally and sent the leaks out over them.
But definitely, they're still there, not blown out and wildly determined to report new vulnerabilities as long as they're built in."

She listened.

"Yes, that's right.
I agree.
They're heroes.
These are the heroes of modern times.
We need them.
These are the revolutionaries of whom pictures will later be hung on the wall.
First you want to hang them yourself, later you want to hang their pictures.
Jesus, Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Mandela."

She listened.

"Yeah, yeah, sure.
I don't know what I'd rather be.
I don't want to end up as a picture on any wall either.
But it will be.
People love to admire others.
That's more convenient than doing anything yourself."

Marlene heard a blow against the metal gate at the entrance and turned around in shock.
She looked.

Marlene: "Wait a minute."

She saw Luigi come in with a big bag.

Marlene: "I'll call you back.
See you soon."
She turned around.
"Luigi!
I didn't know you were coming now."

He smiled at her, put the bag on the table and kissed Marlene on the right and left cheeks.
She smiled and reached for the bag.

Marlene: "Ahhh, Italian cookies!
Mmmhhh.
Benissima."

Luigi was in his mid thirties and had lived here in Luino, in the Italian part of Lake Maggiore, near the border with Switzerland, for 20 years.
He had created a local hackerspace, not the biggest one, there were only 5 or 6 members, but they had one or two good hacks behind them.
For example, they had built the coffee machine, which first had to be persuaded by encrypted Jabber chat that you now need coffee.
The coffee machine analyzed how active they were in open source projects on Github.
If it wasn't enough for her, then you had to find one of the tricks to get her to cook.
They presented this two years ago at the Chaos Communication Congress in Berlin.

The request to house Marlene had come from an old friend, and he had immediately agreed: How could he not help the woman who had laid the foundation to repair the Internet from scratch, the woman who had shown them all the potholes in the data highways?

Luigi: "Did you see?
Your class sent you a letter via WikiLeaks."

Marlene: "No.
You did?
My old class?
Now? Now?
What do they write?
That I should come back and face a fair trial?"

Luigi: "No, not at all.
I think what they write is super cool.
They want to strike until your public image is corrected again.
They're on strike against propaganda in Germany."

"What?" Marlene took her legs off the table and started typing something into her laptop.
Then read it.
Luigi stood next to her and put her hand on her shoulder.
He smiled.

Luigi: "It's good to read something like that, isn't it?"

Marlene looked at Luigi briefly from the corner of her eye and continued reading.
After a while she got up and went to the terrace railing.

"Not there!" Luigi shouted, "not to the railing.
"That's visible."

Marlene stopped.
Tears rolled down her cheeks.
She grabbed the railing with both hands and closed her eyes.
Luigi came and put his arms around her from behind.
So they stood for a few minutes.
Then he gently pulled her back.

Luigi: "Come on! Out of sight."

Marlene detached herself from him and sat back in her basket chair, took the laptop and read the letter again.

Marlene: "Do you have a piece of paper and a pencil?"

Luigi: "What?"

Marlene: "Paper, pencil, just normal, like in school."

Luigi: "Yes, I think so."
He went away and came back with a pad and a pen.
Marlene put the block on her laptop and started writing:

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
Dear Sophie, Anni, Kevin, Aisha, Lukas, Janis, Lisa, Leonie,
Felix, Berem, Jannik, Jannick, Philip, Moritz, Antonia, Aylin,
Johanna, Tom, Jonas, Devin, Marie, Lena, Nils, Marwin, Emilie,
Viviane, Tatjana,

I'm sitting here with tears in my eyes, because I just saw your
I read your letter. It's so good to hear from you. I knew
really not whether I lost you or not. And you
seems to be the only ones who really know me - except for
some hacker friends who stayed with me. There, too.
some averted. We have powerful opponents.


Your letter will be seen by the public. I think you guys
you're gonna get a lot of headwind. In
Internet is raging a full-blown war, with dead, wounded,
Prisoners and tortured. You've all been in the same place for two years.
is monitored. All your cell phones, all your accounts, Facebook, WhatsApp,
E-mail, also Threema, Telegram, even Signal and Xabber. That makes
a small program directly on the smartphones. On smartphones
nothing is safe if you're under direct supervision of a large
of the Secret Service. And you do. The best thing you can do
to secure laptops. I'll ask somebody if they'd like to join you.
and help you set up secure communications.


Prepare for much, much headwind. What you're doing is
great, but it's a real danger to some powerful people that
they want to get rid of in any case. You're dangerous,
because you attract attention, arouse interest. That's her biggest
Problem. But you can also be sure that from now on.
a lot of eyes from the Internet will be looking at you, who are
to protect the world. They'll do things that will give you a greater chance
to get out of there safe and sound. Your opponents, our opponents,
don't shy away from murder. That's why: Goes to the public
Make a lot of noise for people to see you. You need a long-distance
They flee from the public in panic,
they have a hell of a fear of the anger of ordinary people. The
is their real danger. You need normal people, you need them.
need you, because somebody has to do the work, pay taxes.
pay and buy things.


I think you have one big advantage. You'll be surprised,
that a whole class is closed to more publicity.
Truth, strikes. That's strong. They'll be here for a few days, or even days.
It'll take them weeks to learn how to handle it. This is your
Chance. Until then, the world must know you. Then you can go through-
come. They'll want to separate you, try to make each other
to make enemies of their parents, siblings, friends, teachers.
rer. Don't let them scare you, and don't let them promise you hope.
to make a change. And use the best weapons there are: PGP, gate,
OTR, Tails, Cubes, Pond, Ricochet and Veracrypt. And Linux or BSD
of course, only Linux or BSD!


All the best.
I hope to see you again ...


Marlene
</div>
Luigi: "Hello!
That reads good!
And you're right.
You're in great danger now.
But we can do that.
I'll take your letter, scan it and send it to WikiLeaks.
Your famous mailbox is working again."

"Can you do it from here?" Marlene asked.
"I don't want the leaf to leave the apartment."

Luigi: "Okay."
He went away and came back with an older digital camera.
He showed it to Marlene.
She nodded.
Then he took a picture of the letter.
Marlene took it, went to the patio fireplace and set it on fire.
Then she went to her laptop, plugged in the camera's SD card and started typing.


{{{en/072_2064_An albatros.md}}}

## **2064** An albatross

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">In front of a mountain hut</span> stood two off-road motorcycles.
Roger sat in front, leaning on a bench against the wall of a house, his hands crossed behind his head, cigarette in his mouth, legs stretched out.
In the house you could see Lasse on his laptop.
He wore headphones and had a big joystick in his hand.
Before him on the screen one saw a control program for a flying combat robot.
It was active.
The combat robot flew over a steppe landscape.
Another combat robot came into view before him.

Lasse: "Sigur?
I'm here. I'm here.
Back right behind you."

Sigur: "Geil!
The team's back together.
Feels good.
You know, the last thing we did together was get the Five Star out of the sky.
The last loop, the two of us together, remember?"

Lasse: "Sure, I remember that.
And I'd like to come out and box you out if you're in trouble.
Where are the helicopters?"

Sigur: "I've already done that.
They're lying somewhere in the desert sand, maybe 20 miles west of us.
It was very simple.
The XJ-11 really has a lot more fighting power than its predecessors, and is super agile.
I never felt in danger at any time.
That's why I didn't wait for you.
I brought them all down in 30 seconds.
It was really easy.
But of course I only have one Hellfire rocket left now."

Lasse: "SHIT!
Sigur!
We wanted to chase them away and then leave.
Don't come straight for it.
There are people in there.
You can't just shoot at anything that gets in your way.
He makes rules.
The following applies: Only to avert immediate danger to life.
Or better still, the Cypherpunk rule: "Only if the other threatens a life directly, and then only them, not a few people around them."

Sigur: "I am no Cypherpunk.
And yet, isn't that an immediate danger?
Three Apache helicopters, with heat-controlled guided missiles and 30mm gunships.
They're not toys.
I was in danger."

Lasse: "They have no chance against you.
There are people in there who have to take care of their lives.
"In the worst case, you'll lose a combat robot."

Sigur: "Hej, these are people who work for a totalitarian regime, they have to reckon with something coming back as an answer to everything they do.
I have a hydrogen cyanide capsule in my stomach.
They'd activate them now without batting an eye if they could.
They definitely do worse things than I do.
And you have one of those things in your brain that you don't even know what it is."

Lasse: "You can't say, because they do that, we do that too.
If someone tortures a friend of yours, then you're not going to torture one of their friends."

Sigur: "Asshole."

Lasse: "Okay, sorry, I'm retracting the example."

Sigur: "Fuck!"

Lasse: "Nope.
All right, all right.
It may have been too drastic.
But on the other hand, you've killed people..."

Sigur hectically: "No, no.
You've set off a general alarm!
The whole fighter-robot squadron is moving out.
Shit.
All 15 ... 20 ... 24 ... 27 are just going up in the air ...
and set a course for us.
Shit.
Shit.
We're blown.
They know where we are."

Lasse: "What do we do now?
We're gonna knock these things down!"

Sigur: "Go in multimode. Quick!

Lasse: "Multimode?"

Sigur: "mm --activate.
mm --flymode albatross."

Lasse: "Okay, I did.
What's that?"

Sigur: "I will send you my flying combat robot.
In Albatross mode, it automatically wedges itself behind you.
These are experimental functions for formation flights and formation attacks."
Sigur's combat robot caught up with Lasses.

Lasse: "And what are you doing?"

Sigur: "I take care of the others..."

Lasse: "What?
Don't do that!
Let's hit these things on the floor and move on.
Sigur!"

Sigur: "Little moment."

Lasse hears hectic movements of Sigur, button and key presses through his headphones.
Then a keyboard storm.
A curse now and then.

Lasse: "Sigur?
...Sigur?
...what are you doing?"

Sigur didn't react.

Lasse: "Sigur, we have an assignment.
We are to bring to light the machinations of the LBI, not go to war with it."

Lasse: "I'm flying into the desert with my two combat robots now and throwing them to the ground."

Lasse turned on both combat robots.

Sigur: "Wait a minute.
I'll be done in a minute."

Lasse: "Finished with what?"

Sigur: "Well, now I've got her!"

Lasse: "You took them all from heaven?"

Sigur: "No."
He laughed.
"Nah, they brought them all to me, all of them!
All 27 of them.
This is so awesome when you deal with software that is not open source.
Sometimes there are such cheap bugs in it that you can control the program completely.
It's their own fault.
If the software was open source, that wouldn't have happened.
I have picked one after the other, automatically, and am now in the Albatros formation flight on the way to you.
27 battle robots, wedge-shaped, my lead albatross in front.
It works great.
"Great, what they put in there."

Lasse: "Have you gone crazy?"

Sigur: "Hej, what's the matter with you?
I borrowed some combat robots.
That's never been a problem for you before."

Lasse: "But 27 at once!
An entire LBI squadron.
We're about to see a few F22s ascending."

Sigur: "No problem.
There's an F22 fighting mode.
I can have the combat robots fall over an F22 like a bunch of hornets, or over two or three at the same time.
I wouldn't need more combat robots until four.
I've seen the simulations.
This is so awesome."

Lasse: "You're fucking crazy!"

Sigur: "Hej, Lasse.
Calm down.
I'm just trying to understand our mission.
The world public must credibly learn from us that the LBI exists.
How are we going to get enough attention and credibility if we don't do a giant spell?
We can't cooperate with big newspapers like WikiLeaks 2010 or Laura Poitras making a movie that gets an Oscar.
It's 2028. We'll have to bring in other guns.
And now we have good guns.
Great guns.
We can do something with them that stands out.
29 combat robots, fully armed, which shouldn't exist and which can fly in no-fly zones."

Lasse was silent.

Sigur: "Will you come to me with your two?
We could use any combat robot we can get.
I have a plan."

Lasse got up, put his headset on the table and left the cabin.

Sigur: "Lasse?
Are you there, man?
Lasse?"


{{{en/073_1918_On the Panama Canal.md}}}

## **1918** On the Panama Canal

### SCENE 10

____
At a canal in Berlin, dawn, an all-terrain truck drives up and stops with squeaking brakes.

Driver and passenger jump out of the car and open the rear door.
Two soldiers come out and drag Hilde and Wilhelm behind them.
Both are blindfolded.
Wilhelm can hardly stand on his feet.
They are led to the water and must kneel down.
Then driver and passenger each pull a pistol, they hold the two to the head.
They pull the trigger without hesitation.
The bodies collapse together in itself and remain at the edge of the shore.
One of the soldiers pushes them with several steps into the water, until they are carried along by the current.
Driver to the other three: "Good work!"
The passenger nods: "Thank you!"
____


{{{en/074_2064_The plan.md}}}

## **2064** The plan

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Lasse sat on the bench in front of the mountain hut with </span> a gloomy face and crossed arms.
Next to him Roger with a cigarette in his mouth.

Roger: "Stress?"

Lasse after a while: "Sig goes crazy.
He's become so different.
He was always the correct one of us.
And now he's completely freaking out."

Roger: "This is the cyanide.
It changes you."

Lasse: "But it's only a game.
Why is it taking him like that?"

Roger: "He identifies too much with his role."

Lasse: "Probably.
I really don't know what's next.
Roger, I'm going back inside.
I have a queasy feeling."

He went into the hut, sat down in front of the monitor and looked at the screen.
There his two combat robots flew along at the end of a large formation.
He put on his headset.

Lasse: "Sigur, have you taken over my combat robots?"

Sigur: "I only let them fly with me.
You can take it out anytime you want.
Tim's in too now.
He flies five.
How many do you want?"

Lasse: "What are you up to?"

Sigur: "Generate attention.
We need a lot of attention.
I want to be on all the news today.
Worldwide."

Lasse: "What are you up to?"

Sigur: "Destroy a building.
Dump it in ashes.
Plan completely.
A representative, very well-known building.
I had that in mind a long time ago.
You'll love it."

Lasse: "Stop playing around.
What are you gonna do?"

Sigur: "Of course.
Think about it.
How does the mission continue?
What's the logical target now?
Washington?
No.
It's not about the American government.
New York?
No, it's not a financial thing, it's not an economic thing.
At least not superficially.
That would obscure the message.
But think about Fort Meade.
To NSA headquarters?
Well?
What's happening inside you?
Look, we want to reveal the largest unknown intelligence service in the world, so we're flattening the central building of the largest known intelligence service.
It's got pictorial power.
Everyone worldwide will look at this and ask themselves: Why the NSA?
Why now?
And when everyone's focused, I tell them: Hey, it was me!
Then they wonder how that's possible, how I could do that.
As a hacker with so many combat robots, how can I get into a no-fly zone?
And I say:
Quite simply, I've stolen the combat robots from an ultra-secret intelligence service that you all don't know yet.
They're also activated for no-fly zones.
And then I tell them that this same secret service murders people all over the world, has started wars, has built up a total surveillance network and that it murdered seven presidents a few weeks ago, for example.
And against the backdrop of the ruins of NSA headquarters, people believe me.
Us, they believe us.
Because the combat robots are real."

Lasse: "You want to wreck NSA headquarters?"

Sigur: "Yup.
That's what I'm going to do."

Lasse: "That's 2,000 kilometers."

Sigur: "Four and a half hours.
We're taking a few detours, so it'll be five and a half.
We're flying below the radar.
It's cloudy today.
They'll lose us over and over again.
And the incognito mode of these things is great.
I've also activated automatic intercept programs for F22s.
They're still in beta.
I don't know exactly how they work, but the simulation looked good."

Lasse: "They will send twenty or thirty F22s at once.
Then your robots won't do."

Sigur: "Tim found a few people, who meanwhile are laying false tracks, "false positives".
Our combat robots will apparently appear everywhere in the United States.
There'll be reports from the ground.
Satellites will report them.
We're flying at least 12 different formations through America.
Virtual.
All with 29 combat robots.
A few fly to Washington, a few to New York.
That will protect them the most ... And so many F22 they do not have ready for use.
Not in my own country, which hasn't seen war for 150 years."

Lasse got heart palpitations.
He looked at his monitor and thought, "If we can just get the building empty by then... shit."

Lasse: "When do the combat robots arrive at Fort Meade?"

Sigur: "18:13 or 18:14.
But that can also shift significantly, depending on the aerial combat."

Lasse: "When are you going to warn people to leave the house?"

Sigur: "Half an hour before.
I didn't think I'd warn them, the dickbags.
If you work there, you know what you're doing.
You don't accidentally work for the NSA.
But on the other hand, there are also many who don't see through the game, who fall for media manipulation just as much as most people do."

Lasse: "And if they don't clear the building?"

Sigur: "I can't see whether they have cleared.
And if you ask for confirmation that the houses are empty, they'll use it for a delay game.
You know, secret service work is slowing things down so you can control them."

Lasse nodded and swallowed.
He shook his head, got up, sat down again.

Sigur: "What now?
How many Reapers do you want?
If you have them, I can introduce you to the multimode functions."

Lasse: "Give me a minute."

Lasse got up, took off his headset and walked out the door.

Roger looked at him and said, "Sigur's a big stress maker, isn't he?"

Lasse nodded.

Roger: "I can see that on your face."

Lasse: "He is insane.
He's risking everything.
I risk everything.
And he's got me on his toes.
I can't find any reason to stay out."

Roger: "But no one to go in either."

Lasse: "Yes!
Yes, it is.
Shit.
I have good reason to be involved.
Tell me a number between four and seven."

Roger: "Five", but Lasse didn't hear that anymore.
He had seen out of the corner of his eye that all the combat robot cameras only showed noise and had fallen into the room.
He grabbed the headset.

Lasse: "SIGUR!
Sigur!
What's the matter?"

Sigur: "Assholes!
They've shut down the satellite.
He's gone.
Completely gone.
All TV channels.
All over.
They're stupid!
You can't do anything with the Reapers now.
Nobody can do that anymore.
Nobody's ever gonna get to it again."

Lasse: "What are the combat robots doing without satellite?"

Sigur: "They fly to Fort Meade and will arrive there 18:13 or 18:14 if they don't get something to fight before.
It's programmed that way."

Lasse: "They fight fully automatic?"

Sigur: "Yepp."

Lasse: "Oh, my God."


{{{en/075_2064_WIP_Inferno.md}}}

## **2064** Inferno

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">...</span>

Full attack on the KFC. Lilly in the middle. C.H: Win everything or lose everything

{{{en/076_2023_The Address.md}}}

## **2023** The address

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">The picture in the school class</span> had changed.
Everywhere now lay black, somewhat clumsy laptops on the tables, many mini computer boards, cables, power supplies, USB sticks, screwdrivers, a soldering iron.
Everywhere small groups sat around one or more laptops.
They typed, discussed and gestured.
Kevin stood at the front of the table with Sophie and gave an interview to a journalist in front of a television camera.

"What you're seeing here is a new form of school." He pointed into the room.
"We have all learned more together in the last three weeks than in the previous three years. And I really mean it.
Not only technically.
Also human.
And that's because it's serious for the first time, because it has to do with real life.
Most people here did not know how easy it is to work with hundreds of thousands of people on the Internet all over the world.
We did not know that there was a whole culture of knowledge sharing and mutual help.
It's so much fun helping others.
And get help.
And to see how what you do is used by others.
We haven't had any of this in our school in recent years.

If you compare this to a normal situation in any class, you will see that we students are usually not fully involved in the classroom, rather vegging out.
But this is where we live.
Everyone is wide awake and fully involved.
And we have superpeople coming by, especially from the hacker environment.
They tell us what they know about computers, programming, computer management, our legal system, our political system or whatever.
But we have also had lawyers, policemen and entrepreneurs here.

It's a super trusting atmosphere.
When someone doesn't understand something, they ask.
When someone doesn't care about something, they go somewhere else.
Instead of the many imaginary examinations of teachers, we now have real life as an examination.
This is real.
Exams are even fun.
Can we communicate in a way that no one else will know?
Can we make our computers so secure that they won't be disturbed?

We've learned a lot, for example, how to turn a mini-computer like this into a high-security web server in twenty minutes, and nobody outside knows where it is in the world.
We learned how to make a laptop pretty tap-proof.
And believe me, we've had some attacks here.

When this action is over here, I definitely want to continue with school, and that's what the others here want as well.
Personally, I don't give a damn about my high school diploma.
It's all a fake, it's all made up."

Reporter: "Aylin, Jonas and Devin have left the group.
What do you say to that?
Are there any other students who are considering aborting?"

Kevin: "Aylin's mother had a nervous breakdown.
She is a single parent and has just lost her job, so Aylin didn't want to stay here.
She'll be back as soon as she can.
Jonas and Devin, the pressure was too high.
Our opponents are NSA, BND, other intelligence agencies.
For them, this is an unpredictable mess.
A conflagration.
There are now over 200 classes in Germany who are on strike with us.
Who took over our model.
And there are more every day.
Now imagine what will happen in the secret services if we manage to straighten Marlene's image in the public eye ... If most people understand that she was all a spectacle."

Reporter: "They have other goals in the meantime. They demand the abolition of compulsory education and free choice of teachers."

Kevin: "These are not 'demands'.
It's common sense.
Do we need compulsory schooling?
Look around you!
Does any student here need compulsory schooling?
Should any student here spend even one lesson with a teacher he is not interested in?
That's bullshit.
We are all old enough here to choose our teachers ourselves, and the teachers are also old enough to choose their students.
We learn here at a speed that is breathtaking.
Real talents suddenly show up here.
It's a great learning environment.
When I imagine what we would have done and learned if we had had such a school all these years ...

This cannot be the case in a hierarchically structured school system in which it is specified what we are to learn, when we are to learn it, from whom we are to learn it, even how.
People who have been teachers their whole lives and don't know anything about life.
That's ancient nonsense.
Nobody here wants that anymore.
I don't think you'll find a class in the whole of Germany with five students who would prefer that here."

Reporter: "You say you want to 'straighten' the picture of Marlene.
But you can also see this as something illegal if you penetrate military computers and steal documents there.
We need agreements in a democracy as to what is permitted and what is not.
You can't just ignore that then..."

Sophie turned to him.

Sophie: "The documents that Marlene handed over to the public belong to everyone.
They concern us all.
That's why they belong to all of us.
We live in a democracy and without these documents I cannot form a democratic opinion.
If someone kidnaps your child, do you have a right to break into the house it is in and get it out?
Of course you did!
Democracy is more important than tactical secrecy."

Reporter: "Wait a minute! You don't have the right to break the law to get your child back."

Sophie: "If you don't harm anybody with it?"

Reporter: "I think you have to tell the police, and they can break into the house."

Sophie: "Then this is a mistake in our laws that has to be corrected.
Think about it: There's the house, you don't harm anyone, maybe break a window and get your child out.
That must be allowed.
And if laws allow the secrecy of documents that have significance for the public, then that is also an error, like an error in a computer program.
We need to correct such laws and publish new law versions.

And in the secret services there are apparently so many undemocratic and anti-democratic activities that it would be the worst thing for them if these activities came to light.
And that's why they're trying everything to stop us.
They're dependent on secrecy.
Imagine if we could prove that the intelligence services were responsible for Aylin's mother being bullied and released.
And that afterwards they put more pressure on her, scared her so much that she collapsed.
Then our approval ratings will be even better.
And we're already between 70% and 80% here in Germany."

Reporter: "Other countries see it differently.
In England, Marlene is seen in the media as a terrorist."

Sophie and Kevin looked at each other.
Kevin shrugged his shoulders: "This is England. I don't know the situation there."

Reporter: "What are your next steps?"

Sophie: "We are networking better and better with the other classes, now throughout Germany.
There are 217 classes on strike.
And even more consider whether they also take this step.
We're getting a lot of popularity.
Many students use our new, pretty bug-proof communication system."

She smiled.

"I think even WhatsApp and Facebook are noticing that by now.
In total, there are about 400,000 school classes in Germany.
This is what we are currently laying out our server capacities on.
In our team are some boys and girls from the top league in the hacker environment.
Marlene is also actively involved.
They'll get us everything we need.
We'll get the best equipment there is."

Reporter: "If you now have intelligence services against you, won't you feel queasy?
Aren't you afraid?"

Kevin: "Of course we're afraid.
Plenty.
But we also have courage.
Marlene has courage.
She's still active, she's not using all her strength to hide.
She actually helps _us_ more than we help her.
Well, with our courage, we can add a scoop.
And then we'll have you as a life insurance policy.
If you report about us, if you make us known, then secret services are more careful with us.
Our lives depend on what you send and write."

Reporter: "Your life?"

Kevin: "Sure. Our lives."

From the other corner of the room someone shouted: "The American President is on TV!
This is the speech to the intelligence services."

Everyone turned to the big screen hanging at the back of the school class.

"Louder. Louder" called a student.

Kevin gave Sophie and the reporter a look: "Now I am curious what this will be."

"Rest," called another student.
Everyone looked spellbound at the screen.

President: "Dear compatriots, this is my weekly address on our situation here in the country and worldwide.
Today I want to talk mainly about a current topic, and that will be a little different than usual.
That's because even in the best family you can disagree, you can even argue.
And I don't mean Republicans and Democrats now, because there's traditionally a lot of fighting between us."
She smiled.
"No, I mean institutions that form the backbone of our great nation: our global corporations, our intelligence services, and the political center of the world: our government organization.
Our companies lead the technical development worldwide.
Our secret services are the best and most powerful there are, and have ever been.
They're putting their lives on the line so we can live here in peace in our own way.
You've done a great job over the last few years.
But terrorism has challenged us more and more in recent decades.
Much of this battle is now taking place on the Internet.
In order to keep the Internet a safe place for all of us, our secret services have built up a surveillance system in recent decades that reports us very early when terrorist attacks are being prepared, riots are taking place or attacks on America are being prepared.

But in recent years we have overstepped the mark in some respects in these efforts.
Against the will of corporations, intelligence agencies have built surveillance software into programs like Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, Google Plus, and so on, making the communications of billions of people more insecure.
Many people have lost confidence in our companies and have turned their backs on them.
These measures went too far.
Therefore, I would like to present today a new program and a seal of approval that will restore confidence in our world-class products: Security Star."

Everyone in the room laughed spontaneously, running, celebrating against each other.

One of them shouted: "NSA-free! Now 100% guaranteed." And laughed out loud.

President: "Any product bearing this seal is free of rear doors and intentionally installed vulnerabilities."

More laughter in the room.

President: "Most of the American companies I've talked to about this are willing to do so.
They will subject their programmes to regular, rigorous state scrutiny.
The secret services, I can say frankly here, were not enthusiastic about the plan, but in the end they accepted it.
There is no legal way for them to intercept and decrypt the communication of such programs."

Lukas: "Then they'll make it illegal..."

Kevin: "Lukas, there is already something new about what she says.
This means that secret courts like FISA are no longer allowed to give permission.
The companies won't let her in anymore.
And Google is pissed off at the intelligence services."

President: "I know a lot of trust has been lost.
I am willing to fight for that trust to return.
Therefore I will bring in the next days a bill into the congress, which makes all reports of technical safety gaps, weak points, back doors exempt from punishment.
Wistleblowers who report such vulnerabilities are guaranteed by this law that they will not be prosecuted.
Even if they are company secrets."

It got quieter in the classroom.

President: "And today I signed an amnesty order for all Wistleblowers of technical security breaches that are currently in detention or on trial in our country.
You will be dismissed as soon as possible and entitled to compensation."

It was quiet in the room.

"Wow," Oskar said in silence.

Sophie: "What is this?
I don't trust the roast."

Kevin: "They're all dismissing ... Hej!
That's great. That's great.
You have to do it now.
The president will see to it
It's the weekly national address.
That's awesome!
That's really awesome!
Even if that doesn't mean they've gone from wolves to sheep now."

Sophie: "But then how can we trust them?"

Oskar: "We can't do that.
But the situation for the Wistleblowers has improved.
A few people I know will now dare to report vulnerabilities that have not dared to do so before."
He pointed to the TV.
"This, this is a disaster for the intelligence services."

Sophie: "What about Marlene?"

Oskar: "I don't know.
But it's good for her, too, I guess."

Kevin: "That sounds a bit like internal war."

The reporter approached Sophie and Anni.

Reporter: "Sophie, Anni.
May we interview you about it for the evening news?
I think this is gonna be a report."

Sophie: "Yeah, sure."


{{{en/077_2023_Spaghetti Milanese.md}}}

## **2023** Spaghetti Milanese

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene and Luigi</span> sat on the terrace in front of their laptops and listened intently to the President's last words.
They looked each other in the eye for a moment.
Then they both pulled up their arms and laughed.

Marlene: "Yeah!
Yes!
That's really awesome!
Luigi!
The mountain has moved!
We're on it, we're close..."

Luigi: "Oh, oh, the secret services won't like that.
But it was inevitable.
They mess with the top companies, America needs them at least as much as the secret services.
And the companies are really sore now because of our boys and girls.
Julian had already foreseen this at the beginning of the 2000s: Whistleblowing makes the breakthrough."

Marlene: "Yes, something is possible now.
Now we have to stay tuned.
What the president said will cause confusion.
Total chaos in the intelligence community.
They won't just take it.
That's where we'll get our odds."

Luigi: "In any case, there will now be a bunch of new vulnerability reports.
We might get real, regular vulnerability updates from internal people at companies.
How awesome..."

Marlene: "Yes, that's awesome!
The big companies, the governments, they're so dependent on the little people.
They need us as consumers, as workers, as accomplices.
It won't work without us.
That's the dictate of the masses.
That's what Marwin used to say.
I've never seen this so clearly in public.
So awesome!"

She put her face in her hands.
"Horny... horny... Marwin... If only he knew... - - Shit.
Maybe he won't even notice."

She closed her eyes.
After a while she got up and walked towards the railing.

Luigi: "Marlene!!"

Marlene: "Good, good.
I'm not going up front."
She sat cross-legged on the floor.
"Where is he now?
I finally want to know where he is."

Luigi: "You went through all your contacts for the last time three days ago.
He's in America, somewhere in America.
Most likely in a CIA prison.
There's nothing new about it.
But try it again."

Marlene: "Someday I'll find a trail."
She got up, sat down on her chair, took her laptop and started typing.

Luigi: "I make spaghetti Milanese.
With Parmigiano-Reggiano and a hint of pepper.
And a Valpolicella rossa."

Marlene didn't react.
She typed and looked spellbound at her screen.
Luigi disappeared into the apartment.

Marlene said to herself after a while, "No wine for me."


{{{en/078_2064_WIP_Lilly.md}}}

## **2023**** Lilly
<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene and Luigi</span>

Lilly shows a brilliant moment.


{{{en/079_2023_You little vixen.md}}}

## **2023** You little vixen

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">In front of the main entrance</span> of the BND headquarters in Berlin a convoy of one armoured Maybach limousine and several Mercedes limousines with two police cars at the head and two at the end stopped.
The president of the BND already waited there with some officials.
An official ripped open the back door of the Maybach limousine.
The director of the NSA got out with a grim face, looked around and then ran towards the waiting group.
He shook hands with the president.

President: "Welcome!
It's an honor."

Director short: "Gu...morgn."

They went in to the elevator without saying a word.
About seven or eight officers followed them.
On the 13th floor there was a large, windowless conference room with comfortable armchairs around a massive table.
Additional eavesdropping protection could be seen on the walls.
The group gathered around the table.
The director and president took their seats on opposite sides.
The door was closed.

The director, across the table: "I have no idea what she was riding.
It was against our agreement.
I have clearly, clearly warned of an amnesty.
I have never seen a president disregard such a clear reference from us.
This morning there were two new leaks again.
Perhaps already a first reaction to the speech.

The new whistleblowing laws are a complete disaster.
The companies are dancing on our noses.
We're getting sticks in our legs from our own administration.
What's the security level in this room?"

President, Top Secret.

Director: "Make Nato Alliance."

President: "Okay. Nato Alliance."

Three officers stood up and left the room.

Director: "This is a serious problem.
We need to take an offensive approach.
I had believed until the end that it was just a PR offensive, but she seems to be serious and has some people on her side.
There's no way we're being pushed around here and not talking about this.
We are the largest and most modern intelligence service in the world.
How are we supposed to do our job when we can no longer directly access the computers we want to monitor?
In 2023?
In the end, we have to manually access each individual device again to place an implant.
Observing, breaking in, blurring tracks, all that 20th century shit.
This is unacceptable."

President: "Yes. In the end, all computers could reach the level hacker computers have today.
Then they don't even need a prepared X60 or X200 anymore, but simply buy a new computer from some manufacturer and we still can't get into it anymore.
Then they communicate using normal WhatsApp encryption, and we can't read that.
1.8 billion accounts, all black.
Awesome."

Director looked at the group: "Yes, this is insanity. Suggestions?"

The round was silent.

The director looked around: "I don't believe this.
We're speechless?
No suggestion?
Wistleblowers go unpunished.
The companies are grinning and showing us the middle finger.
What are we gonna do?"

Heinz: "If remote access to the microphone and camera functions in smartphones is classified as a back door, we will soon be blind and deaf."

"We could expand our offensive hacking activities."

President: "Without our weaknesses?
That sets us back two decades."

Director says: "How do we get the weak points back into the computer programs and operating systems?
Without anyone noticing.
That is the question.
I want to know how we can eliminate Wistleblower in companies!
Kidnapping, intimidating, I don't care.
Whatever it takes.
I want the old condition back.
We were on the right track.
I want to keep going that way!"

The round was silent.

The president clapped his hands twice: "Come on, people, we need solutions.
This is where two of the world's most powerful secret services meet.
What are we gonna do?"

An official: "We could make two or three Wistleblowers disappear in the media.
suicide, plane crash."

Another: "More success stories: Found terrorists through our databases.
"They're afraid of further attacks."

Another: "Take out a company director who makes it look like an accident, and get some news beforehand that he's standing up to the NSA."

Director: "Fear, fear is good. We need more fear."

Another: "We could push our own projects more and get others on the way, new messengers, mail, social media, as honey pots.
We can control the back doors ourselves."

Another: "Increased attacks on central infrastructure: gate, OTR clients, GPG, etc."

The president and director shook their heads.

Heinz: "What about Wistleblowers with us?
NSA, BND.
Will they be exempt from punishment under the new rules?"

President: "Already in the USA. Not with us."

Principal, quick-tempered: "I personally put a bullet between their eyes.
Now, if anybody in our group comes up with the idea of bringing things out in the open, I'll send a death squad after them.
The next Snowden doesn't last three days.
You bet your ass you do.
If necessary, I'll take care of the cleaning personally.
The next time I meet the little poison noodle from the white house, I'll take it.
We have responsibility here for the greatest nation in the world, and for our friends too.
We cannot accept that she castrates us in such a way.

We've, damn it, built the best news system the world has ever known in recent years.
Together.
We were so close that we could look live into every computer in the world, that we could see the tiniest changes in political movements around the world from the screens at Fort Meade, that we could follow terrorists everywhere and at every second of their lives.
And we had kept the population relatively calm, even in Europe.
Relatively quiet.
Protest: Yes.
Real consequences: No!
We were so close to achieving what we had set out to achieve.
And then this shit now.
I don't care about anything she said in that speech.
We will continue with vigour as before.
And if we get more headwind from the companies now, good!
Then we'll make more wind.
We can.
We can do the same with the CEOs of American companies.
They think they have immunity under the President's protective hand.
Fuck it.
They'll see what it means to mess with the NSA."
He clenched a fist.

Director: "I have no problem arresting one of them... or maybe..." He stopped.

Astonishment was felt in the room.
Nobody said anything.
After a while Heinz contacted me.

Heinz: "What about Marlene Farras?"

The director closed his eyes and breathed deeply.
His face turned a little red.

Director loudly: "I'm going to get the little bitch myself now.
An 18-year-old girl with no school-leaving qualifications.
She got it rolling, and she's still on the loose.
And the CIA clown noses can't find them.
I only hear Northern Italy, Croatia, Montenegro.
We're at the country level.
I want house numbers.
I'm gonna put her on the death list this afternoon, high up.
It's overdue.
There are far fewer dangerous people on it.
And I don't care what kind of fuss it makes.
When it is done, the President will have to confess: "Is she on the side of the terrorists or on our side?"

Heinz nodded with great effort and understanding.


{{{en/080_2064_WikiLeaks TV.md}}}

## **2064** WikiLeaks TV

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">A group of journalists</span> sat around a table in one of the CNN editorial meeting rooms.
They looked together at a giant computer monitor.

A journalist rushed in: "Quick! Hurry, hurry, hurry.
"On WikiLeaks TV, here we go!"

A second journalist pressed the button of a remote control: "Shit, do you know what it is?
I get calls all the time."

First journalist: "This must be a super hot thing!
That'll keep us busy for days, maybe weeks.
I get messages in, your neck hair goes up.
The Darknet's in a state of excitement.
I'm telling you."

Third journalist: "All major government buildings on the east coast have been evacuated.
But we still can't get official information about what it is." He pointed to the monitor. "What is this now?"

WikiLeaks-TV showed live pictures in tiles from nine different locations, each with local time displayed.
On one was the Golden Gate Bridge, on the next the MGM Hotel in Las Vegas, on one the White House, the Freedom Tower in New York, Sears Tower in Chicago, the Pentagon.
Below right the picture of the NSA headquarters.
The time there is 18:07.

First journalist: "Targets.
These are potential targets."

Third journalist: "Ajjjj. shiiiitic A live attack."

First journalist: "And the station outage today is also supposed to have something to do with it.
You must have hacked a satellite before."

Third journalist quietly: "Wow."

First journalist: "See the two F22s in the background, behind the White House, and here one behind the Pentagon, to the right of Freedom Tower.
They're everywhere.
They're circling.
I think they've got all the planes they've got outside."

Third journalist: "Do we have people on site?"

First journalist: "Four teams on the road with cameras, a bunch without."

Suddenly, the image of the NSA headquarters enlarged and, after two or three seconds, took up the entire screen.

"What now?" shouted the third journalist.
Everyone moved closer to the screen.

First journalist: "Put this in the main program.
Now, into the main program.
Here we go.
We want to see this live.
Subtitles here to me.
Quick, write: NSA headquarters.
Terrorist attack may be imminent.
Central buildings are cleared nationwide.
Did you?"

The camera panned away from the NSA building to a few black dots on the horizon.

Second journalist: "What is this?
Missile?
Missile!
Oh, oh, oh.
Where's Tom?
Tom!
Tom, what's this?"

Tom: "Hard to say.
Maybe... yeah... maybe Reapers.
In any case, armed combat robots ...
Yeah, they're Reaper MQ-11s.
Shit!
They're new.
They can make hell."

Third journalist: "How many is that?"
He counted.
"Four, five, six, seven."

Second journalist: "15.
it's 15.
What are they up to?"

First journalist: "What are they up to?
They're attacking NSA headquarters."

Second journalist: "That's not possible.
They can't fly there.
This is a no-fly zone for combat robots.
All combat robots are programmed so they can't enter no-fly zones."

First journalist: "Perhaps the combat robots do not know that they cannot fly there.
They just do it anyway ...
Shit, they're fast."
Small flashes of lightning twitched on some combat robots.
"What's that?
Oh, no! Oh, no!
Shit.
They're firing at the main building."

Second journalist: "Woah, what kind of explosions are these?
This is crazy.
It blew up the whole top corner.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
They're flattening the building."

Third journalist: "They circle.
Next hit.
The building's about to collapse.
I hope there's no one left in there."

Second journalist: "But who is that?
Who does that?"

Third journalist: "Full of madness!
The whole right side's collapsing!
Fuck!"

First journalist: "Who goes on the air?
I have to stay here, more information is coming soon."

Second journalist: "I'm on my way.
Oh, shit!
What's at the bottom of the screen?


<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
More information in ten minutes.
</div>
This is gonna be a confession letter.
That's orchestrated.
WikiLeaks is on board.
What the fuck am I gonna say?
What is the message?
America is under attack?"

First journalist: "We already had that.
Take 'Terrorists attack our nerve centre'."

Second journalist: "And WikiLeaks is a terrorist organization!"

First journalist: "No, 'WikiLeaks is the mouthpiece of terrorists'.
You can see that now.
Take this as your first message until we know more.
Hopefully there will be others.
Otherwise, it's gonna be a hell of a mess in the media."


{{{en/081_2064_Sigur.md}}}

## **2064** Sigur

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Sigur sat in</span> a large, comfortable armchair in the bunker in front of five monitors of different sizes.
On one of them WikiLeaks TV was shown, on the other several news channels, a switched off combat robot control station, many terminal windows.
Tim stood behind him with his arms crossed.

Tim nodded: "Good text!
It'll work.
20 seconds to go.
Does WikiLeaks shoot that right at the screen?
Or do they look at it first?"

Sigur looked back briefly: "I have direct write access.
The umbrella is mine.
I can kind of fade it right in on CNN.
It becomes a running text, nice and slow to read.
A little slower than necessary, so people can twitter on the side.
Ten seconds to go."

Both looked spellbound at the monitors.

Tim: "5"

Sigur pressed the Enter key: "And go!"

BLENDE zur CNN-Redaktion /// On the WikiLeaks and CNN screens, a Guy Fawkes mask appeared above the completely destroyed, smoking NSA main building, and below it began a text that slowly shifted upwards:

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">

YES, WE CAN!


Whoever believed that the hacking power of Anonymous
should look closely today. Today
we have become the center of worldwide surveillance with their
and destroyed them. We want to do this
answer two questions: How did we do it, and why?


Flying combat robots have been used in the last 5 years
murdered at least 78,000 people worldwide. It's the
No.1 oppressant, with which a world-wide, brutal
to establish a rule of fear.


We reject such a course of action.


That's why we've decided to use the guns
of the oppressor. We've got combat robots.
the latest models, experimental combat robots, the
for example destroy F22 fighter planes completely by yourself
can. Battle robots that, as you can see, fly in no-fly zones.
can.


They're special combat robots. You could also talk about Washington
or New York, over London or Paris, over Tokyo,
Canberra or Berlin. And they have a special armament.
with 15 times the explosive power of conventional missiles.


They're not CIA combat robots, they're not CIA combat robots.
American Air Force, they are combat robots of a currently
of an as yet unknown intelligence agency called L B I.


The LBI is everywhere, it operates worldwide. It doesn't have a main--
quarters. Its members all work with second identities:
in governments, in corporations, in armies, in other intelligence agencies,
in dummy corporations.
</div>
First journalist in front of the CNN monitor: "Here come the crude conspiracy theories."

Second journalist: "Shall we turn that off?"

First journalist: "No.
It's on WikiLeaks anyway.
Then it can work for us, too."

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
Their task is to ensure equilibrium, to ensure that the
Balance of hostile groups: in countries, in companies,
Armies, intelligence. Divide et impera is their main motto. trendy
People from each other, they're enemies of each other, and they're careful,
that there's a constant war between them, a deadly war.
Balance, a rainbow war. How the rainbow seems to be
always stands equal in the sky, although millions of raindrops
people will fall in the countries and the war will be
stays. A balance of death.


Four months ago, 122 people died in Khandahar, including seven
Presidents. It was planned by the LBI as a sham attack by
Russian combat robots, which are then repelled by American
of the famous Five Star. That should make America
Strengthen the protective power in the region. But the five star didn't come. He
was destroyed by combat robots controlled by us. And
so the doom took its course. No one was there to take the
Mossad, the Israeli secret service, controlled combat robots
and they fired their missiles.


WikiLeaks.org while you are reading this, the
of the entire attack log files.


In the course of our battle with the LBI we are also aware of their
Bitcoin treasures arrived: 2.7 million Bitcoins worth 32.4
Billions of dollars.


We distributed ten percent of it to the open source community,
We want to divide the rest equally among the countries,
whose presidents were killed in Khandahar. As amends.
money. The transaction also takes place in these minutes.


Anonymous.
</div>
Sigur jumped up: "Geil. We did it!"
He slapped Tim and shouted into his headset: "Lasse, Lasse!
Are you there?"

Leave with headset before the mountain hut: "Yes!"

Sigur: "Did you hand out the Bitcoins?"

Lasse: "Yes, all gone.
I hope they are now confused for a while so that we can survive for a moment.
Otherwise, congratulations.
It went well.
No deaths have been reported yet and the logfiles and bitcoins should be enough for the world to believe the story.
The LBI in Mossad has been steering missiles at Arab presidents.
It's already a thing.
There's just a lot for some to digest.
I don't want to work at LBI right now."

Sigur: "Especially not when I'm with Mossad at the same time.
I don't know how much they like having a secret service in the Secret Service."

Lasse: "Political entanglements.
The countries of the seven dead presidents will probably meet soon and then there will be the Middle East War.
Shit, too, right?"

Sigur moaned: "Real shit.
They never learn that either.
They're just gonna hit each other like that.
Because there's no other way.
It's just revenge.
Like little kids.
There's nothing you can do.
They're like blind.
And in the end, they detonate the nuke... in self-defense.
They're so stupid.
I could scream."

Lasse: "We're not completely innocent that this is happening now, are we?"

Sigur: "Shit, Lasse!
I'm not the one who's starting the war now.
If it were up to me, you could just shut down the LBI, turn the NSA headquarters into a memorial and turn the CIA into an adventure playground for hackers: a giant hackspace, with the original equipment.
I'm serious about this.
That would be awesome.
Then I'd move to Langley for a few years.
And then you would have to disarm all the nuclear missiles, remove the warhead and then make a giant firework with it, send them to each other in the air.
Or shoot it with patriot missiles.
Clay pigeon shooting for professionals.
But what are they gonna do?
They'll make a big crater out of a whole town.
110 meters deep.
They deliberately detonated the bomb on the ground to get the pictures of the crater.
A few hundred thousand people then circled the earth in a cloud of dust for a few weeks."
He implied vomiting.

Lasse: "I'm on my way with Roger now.
We'll clean up here and then drive to the rendezvous point."

Sigur: "Okay.
See you there.
I might.
Good luck!"

Lasse: "You too!"


{{{en/082_2064_We have them.md}}}

## **2064**** We have them!

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Fortunato wore a </span> Brazilian carnival hat and had a beautiful, scantily dressed young woman in her arms.
Two agents were sitting on the sofa without jackets.
He looked towards the television set, where a ticker appeared under a news programme:

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
"2.7 million Bitcoins, for Turkmenistan, Afghanistan, Uzbekistan,
Iran, Pakistan..."
</div>
He waved his arms and shouted as loud as he could: "HUAARRRKRMPLSIGURRR"
Then he pulled a gun out of his pants and fired twice at the monitor.
Splinters flew through the room.
He looked angrily at the big hole in the middle of the screen.

The woman had turned away in shock and covered her ears with two fingers.
She shouted, "Fortunato!
Don't do that!
Please, please.
Come on, let's get out of here.
I want to get out of here!"

Fortunato: "I can't.
No, not yet.
I've got something to do."

An agent: "It's over.
There's nothing left to do."

Fortunato: "Over?
Over?
Just like that?
Because of two teenage boys.
It's all over?
No, it's not over!
The story ends badly.
Good.
Check.
But I don't want her to end badly just for me."

Agent: "What are you up to?"

Fortunato: "I have a plan.
I know how to catch these guys.
I'll grill them.
I will tear out their fingernails one by one and then I get the finger forceps, then it really starts.
Sigur.
He shall see his own blood."

Agent: "What kind of plan?"

Fortunato: "I have a plan.
It'll work.
Not like the Fuck other plans we had.
I left the boys here in my apartment.
What a fucking plan.
Here and here they sat with their laptops and I was here in the room as Sigur ... Sigur ..."
He breathed hard.
„...
Sig..."

One of the two video conference monitors went down from the ceiling and showed the agent from San Diego.

Agent on monitor: "Fortunato?"

Fortunato dry: "Yes."
He stood up in front of the monitor.

Agent: "We got him?"

Fortunato: "Who?
Sigur?"

Agent: "Yes.
He tried to hack into the satellite by some other means.
That's how we caught him."

Fortunato: "Do you have a house number?"

Agent: "Yes."

Fortunato grinned: "Yah!
It's all right, then.
Get him. Get him.
I want him."

Agent: "We will.
Half the crew is on their way.
This time we won't let him get away."
He hesitated a little.
"Fortunato... there's something else."

Fortunato: "Yes?"

Agent: "Your unit will be disbanded."

Fortunato: "Dissolved?
What do you mean?"

Agent: "Dissolved.
Completely.
They clean up...
I gotta go. I gotta go.
Here we go."
He disappeared from the screen.

Fortunato looked around confused: "Dissolved?
Clean up?
What does that mean?"
It looked around his room.
His gaze was drawn out to the sea, to the horizon, to a small black dot beneath the clouds.
He yelled, "ROSANNA. COME ON!

He grabbed her, pulled her by force to the patio door, opened her and ran off with her towards the stone wall to the sea.
Shortly before he let her go and jumped on the wall.
"COME ON! SPRING!"

He was diving into the sea.
Rosanna was about to climb the wall when a rocket hissed past her into the house.
Everything disappeared into a giant explosion.
It was thrown into the sea by the force of the blast wave.
A second missile hit.
Deeper into the foundation.
A big fireball stood over the place, where the beach apartment had stood before.

Fortunato was plunged four, five meters before he turned around.
He saw Rosanna just below the surface, drifting towards him.
She was bleeding.
Out of the head, on one arm and out of the mouth.
He swam to her, touched her.
Looked at the wounds, shook her.
Checking her artery on her neck.
She was dead.


{{{en/083_2023_Press conference.md}}}

## **2023** Press conference

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">The classroom was </span> full of rows of chairs.
In front of the desk stood three tables with chairs behind them and one name card each.
Kevin and Sophie sat next to each other at the middle table.
Two camera teams positioned themselves in the room.
Lukas worked with another student on a computer.
Anni and another student checked press passes at the entrance.
The room filled slowly.

A journalist shouted from the middle of the room: "Kevin!
What's new today?"

Kevin: "A little moment, Christoph.
There's really something new.
Don't you want a better seat up here?
It's worth it.
And open Twitter..."
He smiled at him and then turned to Luke: "Are you ready?"

Lukas: "In a moment. "Almost everything's fine."

A journalist shouted from the back row: "How many classes are on strike now?"

Kevin: "Equal, equal.
It's all here on the note."

Anni shouted from the door: "1220."

The journalist shouted, "Wow!" and typed something into her iPad.

Oskar entered the room and looked around.
Then he went to Kevin, put a USB stick on his table and said: "The transcript.
The stick's clean.
You can take it right away." Kevin got up and took the stick to Lukas.
He nodded.

Lukas: "Okay, then we're done.
I'll upload this, and then we can get started."

Kevin stood in front of his table.
He looked into the room.
He was packed by now.
Some journalists had to stand.

Kevin: "So, I think we can get started..." He cleared his throat.
"Welcome!
The procedure for today is that first we have a whole new thing for you, then we say something about the strike network and then you can ask questions.
Anyone don't have Internet?
- Good, good, good. Okay. He was looking at a little monitor next to him.
"Wow, we have over 600,000 Internet viewers.
All right, then.
Point one.
Luke!"

The beamer went on and the face of the director of the NSA appeared.

Kevin: "You know this gentleman, don't you?" A soft laugh went through the room.

Kevin: "Okay.
This is what he said a week ago in Congress.
The so-called cyber-terrorism report."

Luke pressed a button.

Director's voice: "We must step up our efforts.
In the wake of last year's major attack, we have seen a radical increase in attacks on our infrastructure.
This blatantly refutes the cyber-terrorists' claim that publishing vulnerabilities leads to greater security on the Internet.
The opposite is true.
Hundreds of thousands, perhaps millions of criminals have used the publications to invade people's privacy, cheat, blackmail and destroy their data.
And terrorists now communicate freely wherever they want to communicate.
"Without us being able to intervene."

Luke pressed a button.

Kevin: "So far the NSA chief two weeks ago.
I don't want to comment on the content here.
That's not what it's about today.
It's about his voice today.
How he speaks, how he sounds.
Because there is a second recording that we want to play for you.
And it was made five days ago, here in Berlin,
shortly after the President of the United States announced the amnesty for Wistleblower.
The conversation was here on Chausseestraße, by the way."

Luke pressed a button.

Voice of the director: "The next time I meet the little poison noodle from the white house, I'll button it up.
We have responsibility here for the greatest nation in the world, and for our friends too.
We cannot accept that she castrates us in such a way.

We've, damn it, built the best news system the world has ever known in recent years.
Together.
We were so close that we could look live into every computer in the world, that we could see the tiniest changes in political movements around the world from the screens at Fort Meade, that we could follow terrorists everywhere and at every second of their lives.
And we had kept the population relatively calm, even in Europe.
Relatively quiet.
Protest: Yes.
Real consequences: No!
We were so close to achieving what we had set out to achieve.
And then this shit now.
I don't care what she said in that speech."

Kevin: "The little poison noodle he means here is the president of the United States.
His top boss.
And he doesn't care what she says.
He thus also whistles at the legislation of the USA, at the legal system, at the political system, he shows America the middle finger."

Murmurs and conversations in the room.

Kevin raised his arms: "There's more to it.
Does that mean anything to him that has been reality since yesterday?"

Luke pressed a button.

Voice of the director: "We continue with vigour as before.
And if we get more headwind from the companies now, good!
Then we'll make more wind.
We can.
We can do the same with the CEOs of American companies.
They think they have immunity under the President's protective hand.
Fuck it.
They'll see what it means to mess with NSA.
I don't have a problem arresting one of them."

Kevin: "This goes in the direction of Google, Apple, Amazon, Microsoft ...
That's an open threat.
I'm curious to see how they'll react."

Murmuring louder.

Kevin moved his hand.
The mumbling ended.

Kevin: "One more thing.
We've got one more thing." He took a break and looked into the room.
"And that's what's dear to our hearts.
The director's talking about Marlene."

Luke squeezed again.

Director's voice: "I'm going to get the little bitch myself now.
An 18-year-old girl with no school-leaving qualifications.
She got it rolling, and she's still on the loose.
And the CIA clown noses can't find them.
I only hear Northern Italy, Croatia, Montenegro.
We're at the country level.
I want house numbers.
I'm gonna put her on the death list this afternoon, high up.
It's overdue.
There are far fewer dangerous people on it.
And I don't care what kind of fuss it makes.
When it is done, the President will have to confess: "Is she on the side of the terrorists or on our side?"

Kevin: "This is incitement to murder.
On German soil.
And a state conspiracy in his own country." He looked seriously into the audience.
"I'm now expecting, and I mean it seriously, an investigation and then a prosecution charge against the NSA director.
Marlene is a German citizen.
The director must be arrested the next time he steps on German soil."

Lukas: "The recording of the whole conversation is on our website and also a transcript of it.
It's about three times as long as the clippings you heard."

Reporter: "Where'd you get that?"

Kevin: "Unfortunately, we cannot say anything about the source at this time.
Just this much: She works at the BND and is already in contact with the Courage Foundation.
Your legal defense will be prepared.
I don't know where she is right now either."

Sophie got up.
She looked into the audience and waited a short time.
Then she said in a calm, serious tone: "Actually, I actually hope that we don't need this any more.
I don't want her to have to defend herself.
She dared a lot.
It's a personal statement she leaked there, but it's everybody's business.
It uncovers crimes.
It is a drawing of a corrupt justice system when someone can make death threats and get away with it, and someone who brings it to the public is persecuted.
But there are probably still such corrupt prosecutors who pursue political goals and use their independence from other state agencies to achieve them.
Just like Marlene Ny did in Sweden for many years with Julian Assange.
She could have waived the warrant for Julian at any time.
She didn't do it.
Even when the UN Human Rights Council said it was illegal, it did not take it back.
And in the meantime she has retired normally without ever having to answer for it.
I hope we're further along in Germany."

Kevin: "Yeah, I hope so, too."


{{{en/084_1922_The swastika man.md}}}

## **1922** The swastika man

### SCENE 11: In the same vaulted cellar.

____
The captain, Bertold, another uniformed man with a swastika bandage on his upper arm.
You're standing in the middle of the room.

Swastika man: "So!
So this is your room for special treatments." He looked around and nodded.
"Nice place.
I like it!
Special treatments... Good name.
I like it too!
You have to know what they're called.
The people want to be seduced.
He wants to be seduced."

Captain: "If you choose the order of the special treatments well, then they talk pretty fast.
The Papenburgs were here, both together in this room, with both of us."

He grinned.

"It happened very quickly.
And in the end, we both told each other everything we wanted to know."

Swastika man: "That was an act!
We even celebrated this in Munich.
The red Gesocks must be exterminated.
There's no other way.
They will not be converted."

Captain: "And first they have to be specially treated.
Information is important."

Hakenkreuzmann: "A technical question: You have to know in advance what they know, otherwise it's difficult, isn't it?"

Captain: "Then it will take longer.
"Someday they'll talk."

Hakenkreuzmann: "But then what are they talking about?
If a poor bird like that doesn't know anything, he'll start inventing something.
And that's a serious problem.
The whole thing's missing something."

Captain: "What do you mean?"

Hakenkreuzmann: "We talk a lot about this in Munich.
Something he can exhale from time to time.
Gets a little strength.
We were thinking, maybe some good guy to feed him in between.
A friend.
Someone to catch his breath with.
Then he gets hope.
If you then extend it over a few weeks or months, I think you can find out quite a lot."

Captain thoughtfully: "Hmmm. Yeah, that might be true." Bertold nodded to him.

Hakenkreuzmann: "You need illusions everywhere.
Illusions of good, that's hope.
Hope is good.
That makes them weak.
Illusions of evil.
It's scary.
Hope and fear.
You can do a lot with these two things.
It's important how things look, how they're called.
We're setting up a powerful propaganda department in Munich right now.
Hitler does it himself.
Do you know him?"

Captain: "No."

Swastika man: "Great man.
Very good language.
Powerful voice.
And if something doesn't work out that way, he talked for a while, and in the end everyone thinks that it went well anyway.
He can get anybody.
Stays out of all the fights, but with his mouth he flattens everyone.
This is an important thing.
Words!

Captain: "I see.
Sounds good to me.
I wish we had a real leader here."

Hakenkreuzmann: "We will soon be coming to Berlin.
We need people like you."

Captain nodded and looked at Bertold, "We're in."
Bertold nodded back.
____


{{{en/085_2023_More wistleblower.md}}}

## **2023** More wistleblowers.

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Kevin stormed into the classroom.</span>

Kevin: "Quick! Google. Facebook. Amazon. Apple."

Luke sat in front of his computer and typed.

Lukas: "What is it?"

The Google website appeared with a black background.

Kevin: "They did it. You really did it."

Anni shouted from further back: "Apple is also black."

Another student: "And Facebook."

Lukas: "Shit.
Everything on Google is black.
Not just the home page."

Kevin put a hand on Luke's shoulder: "Geil.
There, click on the button!"


<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
AMAZON - APPLE - FACEBOOK - GOOGLE - MICROSOFT - TWITTER - DROPBOX

JOINT OPINION

As a technology company, we have focused so far on the
centers what we do best: As many users as possible
the best technology experience there is. At the same time
we have always endeavoured to comply with the legal framework conditions.
which apply in the respective countries. These are very
different. The rules in China are different from those in Russia,
in the U.S.A. other than in Europe.


In our home country, we naturally had a closer bond
to government agencies. We had the confidence that this wouldn't be
would be exploited. We have direct access to
User data set up. Hundreds of thousands of enquiries were received
specific accounts. We never analyzed them.


After the recent events, we have done this now. What
did we find out? Only a very small percentage of them
was actually Homeland Security. The bulk was as
requests for criminal cases. We knew that.
already. What we didn't know was that the vast majority of criminals
the new cases were merely suspicious. There's been no indictment
and a trial was still in progress. The mere statement of a
Suspicion was enough reason for a request. This is a
Misuse of the access systems that we made available to you
have. We've shut down these systems for good.
deleted.


As of today, we will no longer obey instructions that
again requires direct access. Requests must be made in writing
by mail. We'll also be back six weeks after each request.
automatically inform the affected user about the access.


We have activated a website:

www.nsl-and-gag-orders.com

There everyone can see which instructions we are currently receiving from governmental
I got this page. NSL means National Security Letter. In it
to find the actual instructions, for example, a weak-
to the new position. GAG orders are instructions for secrecy. you
threaten the disclosure of NSLs with imprisonment. We do
anyway, because we are convinced that we have to do this now.


We hope for your support.
</div>
In the meantime Anni, Sophie and Oskar had come to the computer of Lukas and had read along.
Other students joined them.

Oskar: "This is real.
This isn't open source and transparent insight into their server systems yet, but it's real."

Kevin: "Wow."

Lukas: "I'm flat."

Sophie: "I find it understandable that they do that.
What are they supposed to do, according to the NSA director?"

Annie: "Companies become Wistleblower! That's awesome."

Oskar: "Right, that's all that matters here:
They publish live.
And because they still have Wistleblower in their ranks, they have to publish everything.
If they report something new without anything moving on this website ..."

Kevin: "If our boys and girls report anything new at all ... You've said that CEOs are more likely to go to jail than continue to do what the intelligence agencies want."

Annie giggled: "Right now I would like to go to prison as CEO.
That'd be nice.
Imagine that: Larry Page in handcuffs for publishing a National Security Letter."

Oskar: "And ten minutes later pardoned by the president."

Everybody laughed.


{{{en/086_2023_I got it.md}}}

## **2023**** I got it!

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene and Luigi</span> sat on the terrace, both together at the table, in front of each other a laptop.
On the screens black pages of Google and Apple.

Luigi: "This is really good.
Hey, your class is so cool!
Awesome.
I can't read enough of them.
You must be freezing cold when you do something like this in front of the press.
They stand face to face with the largest intelligence service in the world and publish an ultra-secret conversation of its bosses.
And it looks like he won't survive it professionally, at least not as director of NSA.
Hello, I would have liked to go to a class like that.
Why did you leave?
Well, I would have stayed..."

Marlene hit him in the arm.
"Hej!
A few hours after I left, a CIA team kicked in my front door.
And besides, the girls and boys weren't that cool back then.
They were pretty normal.
Kevin was nice and funny, but he was a Facebook junkie.
Full-blown, I don't have anything to hide type.
Encrypt?
What for?"

Luigi: "Kevin?
The Kevin?
No.
I don't think so."

Marlene looked at him seriously and nodded.
"Yes, the Kevin.
Anni always had problems with her long fingernails on her iPhone and Sophie switched on a computer for the first time at the age of 14".

Luigi looked at her from the corner of his eye.
"Hej, come on, you're making this up.
It can't be."

Marlene: "Really!
The class is a classic late bloomer.
They all looked perfectly normal when I left.
That was nice... and boring.
Even Lukas: He could do a bit of technical stuff.
But it's stuck to Windows."

Luigi bent forward and looked at his monitor: "Look at one..."

Marlene: "What?"

Luigi: "The President of the United States wants to talk about Internet topics during her visit to Germany next week."

Marlene: "Mhmh. Do you think she'll apologize?
Apologize?
Or just around it again, past it and under it through talking.
I can't imagine her saying anything that matters.
She's the president.
She can't."

Luigi: "It says here that she wants to talk to government and opposition representatives about the latest events on the Internet and the relationship with secret services.
I'll get to the point.
Hello, there could be an amnesty for you."

Marlene: "Come on!
Nothing's happened so far.
It's all about Wistleblower and journalists.
They get extra protection.
But not a hacker who walked through NSA firewalls."

Luigi: "Wait and see.
Soon most school classes in Germany will go on strike.
Your government can't get past it now.
That's a real problem for her.
And this cannot be solved with money, the classes demand neither more teachers, nor more computers, nor better buildings.
None of this.
And if it's not about money, then they don't know what they can do."

Marlene: "The school class is not interesting for the American president.
Germany is a small country for them."

Luigi: "Look at me! gandering on.
She also comes to an ARD talk show and answers questions from journalists.
Live!
Heikes Talk.
Sweet.
That's good...
Live is always good.
You can always hear something there."

Marlene looked at his monitor and nodded.

Luigi thoughtfully repeated: "The President is coming to Berlin!
That's really good."

Marlene: "No..."

Luigi: "Yes!
That's good."

Marlene: "Neeeee!" She hacked into her keyboard.

Luigi: "Yes!
Look..."

Marlene interrupted him: "Totaot.
Totaot..."

Luigi: "What?
What is it?"

Marlene: "Totaot hacked a list of CIA prisoners.
"Secret CIA prisoners!"

Luigi: "Geil. Sweet.
This is what you were looking for.
That's a horny guy.
He can program at the speed of light, and now he's hacking.
I'll hang a giant portrait of him on my wall later." Marlene gave him a scornful look.
Luigi grinned at her.
"Say, what does it say?"

Marlene: "I don't know." She rubbed her hands on her legs.
"Oh, shit ...
I don't want to open this thing..."

Luigi: "Maybe there's Marwin there." He moved closer and looked at her screen.

Luigi: "Uhhhh.
That's a beautiful rose, with tears.
What's that?"

Marlene: "This is from Totaot's girlfriend.
She always paints stuff like that and Totaot uses it everywhere."

Luigi: "But nice stuff.
Handpainted.
Romantic.
Then I'm sure Marwin's on the list."

Marlene: "Or not right now!" Her hands trembled slightly.
She entered a command to open the file.

Marlene: "A table: Name, date and abbreviation.
What's NYZ, VGT, MYE?" She flipped through hundreds of names.
"A, B, E, I, K.
SHIT!"

Luigi: "What?
Isn't he in there?"

Marlene: "No, Amon.
Amon Koch's here.
Night-Owl.
VGB.
What does VGB mean?"

Luigi shrugged his shoulder.
"Night-Owl?
The Night-Owl from the BND database?"

Marlene: "Yes.
He disappeared two years ago.
At the same time as Marwin.
And now he's in a CIA prison.
Shit! Shit! Shit!
He's not doing very well.
He can't do that.
Marwin could do better."

Luigi: "Is Marwin there too?"

Marlene hesitated and leafed through individual lines further: "Kraft, Kwalis, Lammert, Lamprecht, LASSER!!!" She screamed out loud.

Luigi scared herself terribly, instinctively bent over to her and wanted to keep her mouth shut.
She fought him off, shook her hands out and said relatively quietly: "Farras, Marwin, VGB.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
He's here!
He's here!
He's here!
What is VGB?
He's in the same prison as Amon.
Yeah, right!
Of course I do.
What is VGB?"

Luigi: "We'll find out soon enough.
I'll put it in the anonymous Twitter account.
We'll have the answer in twenty seconds."

Marlene: "NEE!
No way. No way.
Not in public!
Not now!"

Luigi: "Then it will take hours until we have this."

Marlene: "Okay!
Twitter."

Luigi hacked something on his laptop.
Both looked spellbound at his screen.

Luigi: "Well ... well ... There!
Virginia Blacksaw.
CIA prison near Harrisonburg."

Marlene grabbed her chest and breathed deeply out and in.
"This is it.
That's what it is.
That must be it." She jumped up and gave Luigi a kiss on the mouth.
She walked up and down the terrace, clapping her hands silently, rubbing her face, running over her hair.
"What now?
Now what?"

Luigi shouted out, "I got it!"

Marlene instinctively jumped up to him and kept her mouth shut: "Calm!
Easy!
We can't make any mistakes now." She took her hand away again.
"What do you got?"

Luigi: "I have the idea!
And only you can do that..."

Marlene: "What?
What can I do?"

Luigi: "Come here!" He waved her over with his finger, she came and he whispered in her ear.
Marlene's eyes lit up, more and more as Luigi spoke.
Now and then she nodded slightly.
At the end she jumped up, tore her arms up in the air and said in a low voice: "That's what we do!
That's what we do!
That's awesome.
I can do that."


{{{en/087_2023_On the phone.md}}}

## **2023** On the phone

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Luigi at a phone</span> in an internet café in Lecco at Lake Garda, about two hours by car from Luino.

Luigi: "They send someone to us who is in the public eye, someone familiar.
Best with the camera team.
No, definitely with the camera team.
Airport Bolzano.
Tomorrow morning at half past 10 ... Yes, that is necessary ...

She'll be there, at any rate, you can count on her... call the Courage Foundation and get confirmation that this is real.
They're right around the corner from you in Berlin ... yes, I'm coming too.
Nobody else... See you tomorrow."


{{{en/088_2023_The interview 1.md}}}

## **2023** The interview (1)

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Heinz and Frederik</span> sat in very casual clothes at Heinz's home on the sofa in front of the TV, each holding a bottle of beer.
There was an empty talk show stage on TV.

Achmed sat down on the roof terrace of the Eel Garden in an oversized wicker chair.
He looked at a huge screen on which football matches were usually shown.
In one hand he held a cocktail with a straw and in the other a remote control.

Hans sat with his wife in his house in Tasmania.
Both ate popcorn with homemade syrup and chips with curry mayonnaise and looked at the rising sun.

The classroom in Berlin was packed.
Many hacker friends and family members had come.
Some stood on the wall, some knelt, all watched a giant television.

The NSA director sat on the back seat of a limousine and saw the moderator's picture in front of him on a screen. He turned it off.

The presenter came on stage and went forward to the audience.
Applause.

Moderator: "Good evening ... good evening ... And welcome to Heike's talk.
... Today with a super super-special guest ..."

Let's hear it.

Moderator: "You know it, you know it!" She laughed.
"And she's actually there!
Yes, she's come!"

She nodded into the audience, then went to the conversation table in the middle of the stage and dropped into one of the three chairs: "Okay.
Then we won't wait long.
I may welcome ... The President of the United States of America!"

She made an arm move to a gate in the middle of the stage.

Applause was raised, mixed with isolated boo calls, which were commented by the presenter with a short frown.
Gleißendes Licht shone on the gate and the president stepped out.
The applause grew louder.
She walked to the edge of the stage, nodded friendly into the audience, smiled, waved.
Individual spectators stood up from their seats.
The president told her to sit down with her hands.

President: "Thank you.
Thank you ...
Thank you for this reception." She put her hand on her chest and smiled.
"Thank you!"

Then she went to the table and sat down.

Moderator: "Madam President!
How are you feeling?"

The President laughed, "A little tired.
The trip here, so many conversations throughout the day and this morning I dismissed the director of NSA.
You don't always do these things all together in one day."

Moderator: "Really fired?
I mean, I know the message.
Why didn't you give him the chance to go himself?"

President: "He had her.
He had a week.
And has made a clear statement."

The host nodded.
"Uh-huh.
From our point of view here in Germany this looks a little like an internal power struggle or family war in the USA."

The President shook her head: "This is not war.
And no power struggle either.
The roles in our political system are clearly distributed.
And there's no one here to question that.
But we had a family fight, that's for sure.
It happens in the best families.
And, you know, I actually think it's good that this happened."

Moderator: "Good?"

President: "Yes.
An argument is like a thunderstorm.
It can thunder and flash quite threateningly, but afterwards, when it is over, the air is cleaner, and then at some point the sun will come out again.
The vast majority of people in America now understand better what we want. Much is clearer."

Moderator: "What's clearer now?"

President: "We do not want a surveillance state that persecutes all citizens into their private lives.
We never wanted to.
We Americans have, like, an allergy to surveillance.
This is enshrined in our constitution from the outset.
What is now clearer to us is that we also do not want to have the instruments to make a surveillance state possible.

To clear up a misunderstanding: normal citizens are not monitored by us and have not been monitored at any time.
A lot, a lot of things were recorded, but nobody looks at it.
99.9 percent of that is not used at all.
However, we also have people around the government who dream of things that come very close to a surveillance state.
And there's one less of them there now.

We also do not want to send death squadrons around the world who work through any lists and to whom a head of the secret service can add someone at his own discretion.
That can only be done with the will of the president.

What we also want is to be more precise.
Don't get me wrong.
We must protect ourselves against terrorism.
We must not let up in our efforts on this point.
Terrorism has not weakened in recent years.
He's grown stronger, more brutal.
We must continue to take decisive action against this.
But we need to rethink the way we fight him."

Moderator: "But there will still be death squads that will track down terrorists and, as many say, take them out of the game?"

President: "We are at war.
This is reality.
For almost 20 years.
In a war, people die.
Terrorism has declared war on us.
We've replied.
But it's a new kind of war.
It's not like here in Germany 80 years ago.
It's no longer countries fighting each other, but ways of life, basic beliefs.
We stand for freedom, not for God-given laws.
Everyone should be able to follow his religion as he sees fit, and not impose it on someone else.
This struggle for ways of life takes place worldwide, even in the USA.
And we have to be even better prepared for that.
We have a lot of old thinking about giant armies, complex weapon systems and world diplomacy.
All this is still necessary.
There are China, North Korea, Syria, Iran ... There are many countries for which these things are unfortunately still very relevant.

But there is also this new development where all these things no longer work.
And we are not yet well enough prepared for that.
We have tried to solve this through small, fast military units, more flexible weapons and control of the Internet.
And in trying to control the Internet, in some places we have clearly overstepped the mark.
We'll correct that now."

Applause from the audience.

Moderator: "More flexible weapons?
By that you mean drones?"

President: "Yes, among other things.
I know you have a bad reputation here in Germany.
But when used properly, they can save many lives.
As I said, we need to be more precise.
We must stop putting innocent human lives at risk.
The war is now everywhere, in every country on earth, fighters and civilians are barely distinguishable.
Precise information about local conditions is becoming increasingly important.
We've always known that our information had to get better.
We have made great efforts to achieve this.
That's one reason why the secret services have done so much in this direction.
You had the assignment ... they _have_ the mission to improve our information base.

But they got something mixed up.
You have confused _doing as good as possible_ with _doing as much as possible_.
And that's what we're going to work on now: That our information will become better, more accurate, and that innocent people will no longer fall into this grid, that our computers will forget all information about people who do not threaten our way of life as quickly as possible."

Silence in the audience.

Moderator: "I've just thought about whether there will be applause or not.
He didn't come, although we don't want to be monitored here in Germany either and the majority of us would actually be happy if personal data from us weren't stored in huge data storage facilities in the USA.
We also don't like the vulnerabilities that make our computers and smartphones insecure, and that your intelligence services have built in everywhere.
And that were built in over and over again.
We've heard too much about it.
Are you now serious about not monitoring normal people like me and everyone else in this room?"

President: "Yes, we are serious about it now!
I don't know if that applies to everyone here in the room," she smiled, "you never know who's around you, but I'll assume that.
I understand the skepticism very well.
That's why I want action to speak for itself.
That's why I amnestied Wistleblower and journalists.
And we will soon have laws that explicitly allow weaknesses to be reported even if they violate company secrets.
We are now only discussing how we can ensure that in such a publication only the weak points are actually mentioned and not, incidentally, other company secrets, which one would not have to reveal at all for that.
That's not easy.
But we're making progress."

Moderator: "But if you hack into other people's computers to uncover such weaknesses, that's still not allowed, right?
That was the case with Marlene Farras."

President: "Breaking into other people's computers without permission is directly against the privacy of people or companies.
These computers belong to somebody.
This someone has the right to decide what happens to it, even if it is a company or an authority. We can't allow that in general." She shook her head and smiled.
"But if my plan works out, if employees in companies and authorities report all weaknesses that are built into programs, then nobody has to hack anymore to find out.
That would be my solution.
I'm thinking of awarding a state prize to people who report vulnerabilities.
It's going to be heavily remunerated.
And will apply to non-Americans as well."

Moderator: "But without the courageous act of Mrs. Farras the whole thing would not even have started rolling!
Couldn't you do that in such a way that it is allowed until the time when all vulnerabilities are reported by employees ... or acceptable ... or perhaps I say, you can squeeze one or two eyes when someone comes across such data via a hack?" "I don't know.

President: "I am generally against the use of force.
And that's computer violence.
All violence should come from the state.
I want a solution that's based on understanding.
We must all understand that weaknesses restrict our freedom.
They can always be exploited by others too, not just by those who install them.
That is why I would rather have a culture of togetherness here, in which we decide together as a community: We don't want this.
We didn't want thefts, we don't want murders, and we don't want intentionally built in vulnerabilities.
I can imagine the FBI getting its own department to enforce this.
This is actually under discussion."

Applause from the audience.

The presenter inhaled: "I think that what makes our mission so special, what makes Heike's talk so special, fits well here.
You know about this?"

The president nodded.

Moderator: "We have a surprise guest in every show.
He always has a personal connection to the conversation guest, and he may ask three questions.
In this context, I would like to take this opportunity to leach a little." She smiled at the audience.
"I'm a little embarrassed.
But we asked your staff beforehand whether our surprise guest was in order for you.
We don't usually do that.
But in this case, we did.
That's why I'm assuming you're not completely unfamiliar with the guest we've suggested, is it?"

The president shook her head and smiled.

Moderator: "We had two candidates, both of whom had already had intensive contact, or let's say, arguments with American presidents, one of whom also had direct dealings with you.
Both would fit perfectly for this topic: Julian Assange and Edward Snowden.
We chose Julian.
I'm sure you now expect Julian Assange to stand behind this gate ...
He does, too." She took a break.

"But two days ago, something happened that confused our plans.
We got a call from a young man in Italy.
He suggested another surprise guest and assured us that he would also come if he were invited.
We thought it was a joke at first, but it turned out to be true.
And it's not him, it's her.
You might already know who I'm talking about?"

The president shook her head slightly confused.

Linda peered out of the curtain behind the stage.
She tried carefully, but emphatically, to make eye contact with the president.
But this one wasn't looking at her.

The moderator trembled slightly: "It is Marlene.
Marlene Farras!"

A murmur went through the audience.
In the President's face, there was sheer astonishment.
She looked around her, to the presenter, into the audience, at the table, but quickly caught on again.
Then she saw Linda behind the curtain.
Linda shook her head clearly.

Moderator: "She's here.
She's standing behind that gate right now.
If you don't mind, I'll invite you in.
As a real surprise guest.
Otherwise, Julian Assange will come.
He's just there in case you refuse to talk to Marlene Farras."

Linda began to wave her arms and thought: "No, no, no way!
Don't do that!" In the audience it had become eerily quiet.

The president nodded: "I definitely want to!
I mean, she's got a lot of guts coming here.
I can have the courage to talk to her."

The audience applauded, it got louder.

"Then, welcome, MARIANNE ... LASSER!"

The light went on, the gate opened and Marlene came in.

The audience cheered, the clapping became louder and louder and everyone stood up almost simultaneously.
Everyone was looking at Marlene coming up to the front of the stage.
They clapped, cheered.
Some people shouted "Marlene!"

She stopped at the front of the stage.
The audience didn't get any quieter.

A man shouted, "Marlene, stay with us."

She nodded slightly. A tear ran down her cheek. She stood there, 10 seconds, 20 seconds, an eternity. Then she wiped the tear from her face, nodded back into the audience and went to the table. The president had stood up and both shook hands. Both had a little trouble looking each other in the eye, but after a little while it worked. They sat down.

(continued)


{{{en/089_2023_The interview 2.md}}}

## **2023** The interview (2)

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">The host looked</span> at Marlene: "Yes!"

She smiled and nodded to her.

Moderator: "Welcome, Marlene.
Things like that actually happen.
You are the first guest here who is also a surprise guest for me.
I didn't know about it until yesterday.
My heart is beating a little.
Because here sits the President of the United States and here sits the most famous hacker in the world, who has given us all so many lasting experiences over the last year, and who is still wanted with an international arrest warrant.

How often have we had to change our passwords since the vulnerabilities releases, remember new ones, because the old ones were rejected by Google, Apple, Facebook and whoever.
And each of us knows someone whose smartphone, WhatsApp account, or email has been hacked.
Some accounts have completely disappeared, others are completely devastated.
A lot of money has disappeared and most of it hasn't reappeared.
Companies went bankrupt.
And we've all learned something about passwords, backdoors, and encryption, and why these things are more important in life than we ever thought. Marlene, how are you?"

Marlene took a short break, laughed then, caught herself again: "Yes, well, actually.
I have enough to eat, good friends and mostly a roof over my head.
The only thing is that I have to be embarrassed to make sure that the CIA doesn't find me, the BND or Academi or whoever.
But this has happened..." She took a glimpse of the camera.

Moderator: "At first you wanted to say something about what you have in mind after the show, how you planned your way home, if I may say so".

Marlene: "I won't say much about what we have planned.
I'd just like the Twitter name: @MarleneUndLuigi here.
We will, if possible, let you know about this every 10 to 30 minutes.
It would be nice if as many people as possible were there."

Moderator: "Okay.
@MarleneUndLuigi, please note them all.
Who's Luigi?"

Marlene shook her head.
"A friend who helps me."

Moderator: "Good.
So let's get down to business.
"Like every surprise guest, you brought three questions with you?"

Marlene nodded.

Moderator: "Then you can put them now."

Marlene: "Okay." She nodded to the president.
"Then I'll start?"

The president nodded back.

Moderator to the president: "You may reject a question.
As a wild card, so to speak.
There's a supplementary question for that."

Marlene pulled out a note and read: "First question:"

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
What, in your opinion, has a greater
Intentional meaning: The right of responsible citizens to know things,
that matter to you? By that I mean everything that she considers responsible.
citizens need in order to make democratic decisions to
Example of what the state is doing to ensure their safety-
to do. Or on the other hand, the secrecy of such
things out of tactical considerations, so they don't get caught up
Are these forces being exploited?

</div>

The President laughed, "Oh, yes.
That's a good question ...
As much of both as possible.
That's a contradiction, I know.
But we need secrecy.
The powers out there in the world aren't all good.
And I think as president I see more of the bad things than most other people.
And I want to see them so I can make decisions based on what the world really is and not how I imagine it to be.
We must not let these powers rage freely.
We have to do something about it to protect ourselves.
And the only way to do that is by keeping it secret.
If we always said what we were going to do and what we were doing right now, we would be very easy to calculate.
It's probably a little like you've been for the last two years.
You also kept your whereabouts a secret.
But the letter you wrote to your class, you didn't have to keep it a secret.
Everyone was allowed to read it.
So there are things you have to keep secret and there are things you can say publicly.
And in the democratic process, we have to decide which ones are.
The responsible citizens, through their elected representatives, determine which information should be public and which secret.
And the secrets become public at some point.
After 30 years, for example.
Then it's part of history and it can become public."

Marlene: "I'd rather say after four to six weeks."

President: "Would you reveal your whereabouts after four to six weeks?
Then you have to get out of there and you can't go back."

Marlene swallowed and said after a few moments: "Four to six weeks after I left there, after it's over." She took a break and slowly said: "Berlin, Dahab, George Town, Nairobi, Addis Ababa and ... Luino." Her heart started beating.

The president swallowed.
Both looked each other in the eye.

Marlene: "Second question?"

The president nodded.

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
When a hacker publicly exploits vulnerabilities
that he or she found out in a hack, and
is being sought internationally, you would be able to make an
presidential pardons his or her international warrant of arrest
pick up?


In that particular case, would you revoke my arrest warrant?
</div>
Moderator: "Stop!
Marlene, this is a personal question.
It's against the rules of this show.
You've read it."

Moderator to the President: "You don't have to answer that."

President: "I will answer that.
Then I'll have two questions behind me." She smiled warmly.
"I'll have your warrant investigated.
I think that's the order of the day.
If there is really nothing else than the hack into the NSA database, everything that has to do with the vulnerability database, then I will make a recommendation.
I must not interfere with the American legal system, which would violate its independence, and I cannot apologise until you have been condemned.
But I will in any case make it clear from the outset that I am willing to do so if a conviction comes to pass.
If it's the only thing against you."

She nodded to her seriously.

Applause and occasional yelling in the audience.

President: "This is also a democratic decision for me.
They have the support of a large majority of the local population."

Marlene nodded and smiled at the President.

Marlene: "My third question:"

She hesitated and looked briefly at the president, breathed deeply.

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
If I had a brother who'd arrested for my hack.
and has been in a secret CIA prison for two years now.
without him having anything to do with it.
is only being held because he's my brother.
help get him out of there?

And if ...
</div>
The presenter intervened angrily: "Marlene!
These are personal questions.
We said no personal questions.
Madam President, I would suggest that we take the supplementary question'.

Marlene: "I don't have a supplementary."

In the meantime Linda stood in front of the curtain as white as chalk, so that she was almost seen by the audience.
She took both hands in front of her face.
The president looked at her a little helplessly.
The audience got restless.

Moderator: "Marlene, do you really not have a supplementary question?
We had discussed this."

Marlene shook her head.

The President turned to her, "Are you sure he's in a secret CIA prison?
"There's a lot of false information and false lists that are roaming the Internet."

Marlene nodded: "Surely.
The list is from the CIA directly, and quite up to date.
She pulled out a piece of paper and pushed it over the president's desk."

President looked at the paper and said, "How did you get this?"

Marlene: "A hack."

The president ran red on her face, closed her eyes and held her breath.

Marlene: "Not from me.
It wasn't me. It wasn't me.
I didn't hack that."

President more seriously: "Then you are also not sure that this is real.
The list is almost certainly a fake."

Marlene: "No, she's real.
You could check that out.
You can just call and ask."

The president took a deep breath, looked at Linda: "I'll have it checked out.
Tomorrow."

Marlene: "Okay." She looked at the president calmly. "I understand."

President: "Or, wait." She turned back and called Linda to herself at the table.

"This is Linda, my assistant for intercultural relations."

She gave the leaf to Linda and whispered in her ear: "Is it possible to check such information immediately?"

Linda shrugged her shoulders, "Probably."

President: "Can you check them?
And find out what options we have?"

Linda nodded carefully, took the list with slightly trembling hands and disappeared behind the curtain.

President said, "My assistant is checking."

Applause from the audience.

Moderator: "Wow.
That's brave.
It happened very quickly.
It's really all live here."

She gave the president a look of admiration.

Moderator: "So fast. Hmm. I suggest we do the viewer questions in the meantime..."

She stood up, went forward to the edge of the stage and read from a sheet of paper.
"Should only open and free software be used in Germany's schools in general?
What do you mean?"

About twenty minutes later a loud conversation between Linda and a man could be heard behind the curtain.
Then Linda pushed the curtain aside and went as calmly as she could to the President.
She started whispering in her ear.
The president nodded from time to time, whispered something back, listened again.
Meanwhile, the presenter asked the audience another question.
After a very long three or four minutes, the President said so loudly that Marlene and the presenter could hear it: "That's how we do it." Linda nodded to her and disappeared behind the curtain.
Everyone was looking forward to the President.
It got quiet.
She turned to Marlene.

President: "Marlene.
It's actually true.
You're right. You're right.
It's embarrassing that the CIA can't keep its secrets to itself, but there's something good about it in this case.
Your brother is in prison in Virginia and no charges have actually been brought against him.
We even had the case on our list, and we've looked at it.
In my view, it is clearly one of the cases in which the secret services have exceeded their competences.
We want to correct these cases and have been doing so for some time.
Not public, of course.
I'm gonna make this case an example of how we deal with things differently.
As I have said, I want to convince by actions and show that our legal system is very lively and powerful."

The audience applauded loudly.
Marlene shone all over her face, showered her head, then looked at the President.

President: "However, there are still a few things to discuss.
But it's best if you do it directly with Linda.
She's got an idea.
You want to see your brother fast."

Marlene jumped up instinctively, walked around the table and hugged the president.
Two security guards, who could not be seen before, jumped in from two sides and held her by the shoulder.

Marlene smiled at the president and then looked towards the curtain.

Moderator: "Yes, go ..."

Moderator with a hand movement towards Marlene: "Marlene Farras!
Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
We're not gonna forget this any time soon.
Thank you very much, sir. And good luck!"

Marlene looked again into the clapping audience, waved and then disappeared behind the curtain.


{{{en/090_2023_Linda and Marlene.md}}}

## **2023** Linda and Marlene

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Linda expected Marlene</span> behind the curtain. Robert was standing next to her.

She reached out her hand: "Linda Meyer".
She looked at her seriously.

Robert: "Robert Foster" You shook hands.

Linda: "I would exaggerate if I said: 'It is a pleasure to meet you'.
There's already been a lot of excitement about you.
And this will only be the beginning.
But all right, we'll make the best of it."

Marlene nodded, "I can well imagine it making waves."

From behind Julian Assange pushed himself towards the group and laid his hand on Marlene's shoulder.
She turned to him.

Julian: "Hej.
Great thing.
You've got this under control.
I can go home now with peace of mind.
Don't let it get you down.
It's just the United States..."

He nodded towards Linda and grinned at her.
To Marlene: "Nah, really, go on with that: That's real Cypherpunk."

Marlene laughed at him and they hugged each other for a long time.

Marlene: "Thank you for everything!
And sorry I stole your show today."

Julian grinned mischievously.
"Ciao!" He turned around and left.

Linda: "Okay.
We'll do it this way. You come with us to Washington tomorrow morning on the President's plane."

Marlene looked at her in astonishment: "How? Really?" She exhaled.

Linda: "There's no other way.
I know you have a plan of your own, but we don't want to risk it.
In Germany you are still officially wanted with an arrest warrant, here you are known nationwide.
This is putting the authorities in trouble.
In the United States, maybe one percent of people know her.
We can put that under the Wistleblower amnesty.
It is also not suitable for the masses to make a scandal report now about a president who brings a hacker with her to Washington.
It's not a good time.
That's not in the flow of news for a few weeks.
Maybe a few right-wing fringe groups, but nothing of any importance.
We'll have the prosecution suspend the warrant tomorrow and then you can fly back free with your brother."

Marlene: "If a German television team can fly with me, that's fine with me."

Linda breathed out and in again: "Okay. Do you have one?"

Marlene: "Ten, if you want!" She smiled, Linda didn't.

Marlene: "I'll ask the boys who accompanied us here from Italy."

Linda thought, looked at Robert. He shrugged his shoulders.

Robert: "We see the material at the end anyway.
And they're ZDF.
That'll work."

Linda: "Okay. Then we'll do it.
We'll contact the team.
Then that's a yes?" She looked at Marlene.

Marlene: "Yes."

Linda: "But tweet about it only in the airplane.
We leave tomorrow at 7:30.
You will be picked up by our security service.
You can stay here in any rooms as long as I understand.
Robert will show them."


{{{en/091_2023_on the plane.md}}}

## **2023** On the plane

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene sat next to </span> Linda in a wide aircraft chair.
Through the window you could see a carpet of clouds and bright sunshine.
They talked excitedly.
Further behind them, the president gave an interview to a television team at a conversation table.

Robert came by and quietly said to Linda, "She wants to talk to you.
In her cabin."

Linda nodded, got up and disappeared behind a door.
The president followed her.

Inside, they both looked at each other.

Linda: "I know, I know.
It's a risk.
But it'll work.
It all fits in very well with our plan right now.
Just like the pardon thing.
We already had them on the plan."

President: "But how could it happen that everything was suddenly so airy, so unplanned, completely insecure?
How could the Farras suddenly show up?
I mean, they didn't say a thing before!
I don't want that to happen anymore."

Linda: "You didn't say a word.
It won't happen again.
But our plan will work.
The head of the Virginia prison, a colonel of the Rangers, was already assigned to the LBI.
He's in the same unit as the NSA director.
Really a coincidence.
Officially, they both lose their CIA jobs, and everyone's gonna do it for us.
Then they get their camouflage in the arms industry.
In two different places.
Nobody's gonna be surprised.
They'll like the new job at LBI, you can bet on that.
They get more powers and less control.
Everything's finally really classified again."

President: "That sounds good.
I still don't like the risk in this case, those ad hoc decisions in twenty minutes.
I was on one of those European talk shows last time.
The LBI is too important to risk that much.
We need it.
We need something that's really all ours again.
Where we can act freely.
Where millions of people don't look.
And we spend most of our time keeping things under the covers."

Linda: "The good thing is that with Marlene Farras the masses in Europe will relieve us of the many changes in the NSA and the CIA.
This gives us the freedom to kick out a large number of people now and make them free for the LBI.
There are certainly some foreign secret services biting on and enticing people away, which we officially drop.
Then we get LBI in FSB or LBI in Mossad or better, the Chinese.
Believe me, that was a good thing that fell into our laps."

President: "Yes.
I might.
But we can't make any mistakes now."

Linda: "Don't worry.
Marlene is flying back to Berlin tomorrow with her brother.
The two become icons for the conversion of CIA and NSA to positive.
You'll see them both.
It gives people hope.
And that gives us room to maneuver."


{{{en/092_2023_Linda, Robert and the Colonel.md}}}

## **2023** Linda, Robert and the Colonel

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">The colonel stood up,</span> supported both hands on the meeting table and looked threateningly at Linda and Robert sitting opposite him. Linda looked very concentrated.
Then he suddenly hit the table with his flat hand.

Colonel: "YOU HAVE FULLY REVOLVED!
You're from Washington. You think you can do better than us at Ground Zero.
Don't you get it? We're dealing with the most dangerous people in the world.
If we make mistakes, then people die, many people, Americans!
You can't just intervene from any armchair without breaking things.

"The only way that boy's out of my house today is over my dead body!" He snorted.
"That's just another one of his deposits anyway.
He's done stuff here before, I'm telling you.
One of my men resigned because of him.
He's writing parking tickets in New York now.
I bet some of his friends whispered something in your ear and you fall for it.
I say you won't get it for three weeks at the earliest.
"If he is no longer a danger until then."

Robert stood up and yelled at him from the other side of the table: "ME RICHTS NETZT!
We don't have all day!
Read what it says on this sheet, then sign it.
That's your boss, damn it!" He pushed the leaf toward him.

The colonel pushed it away and shook his head, his face had turned red-violet in the meantime.
He got up.
"Let him come and tell me that in person..."

Robert: "This is an official order, this is not a request!
How can you resist it?
I don't believe this.
Is this military or kindergarten?"

Linda: "CIA."

Robert: "CIA.
Whatever.
Kindergarten." He sat down.

Linda calmly: "Colonel, you're not so wrong about the personal conversation.
It's really a big deal.
She's whipping up a lot of dust right now.
It's necessary that we get him today.
And that's why her boss won't be coming later, but his boss, the president of the USA."

Colonel, "What?" He was looking wild.
"WHAT?
WHEN?
This is a joke?"

Linda: "In six hours."

The colonel sat down again and shook his head.
Here?
The president?
No, you can't do that.
You can't do that." He looked around the room.
"Oh, you're... real weasels!"

Robert jumped up, clenched his fist and walked towards the colonel.
He jumped towards him in fighting posture and looked at him wildly threatening.

Linda hurried around the table and intervened.
"We'll stay calm now.
All of them.
We don't have much time left." She grabbed both of them by the arms.

Everyone sat back at the table.

Linda: "What's the problem with early release?"

The colonel closed his eyes and said quietly, "What's the problem?
What's the problem?"

He hissed: "The problem is that you have no idea how this is going on.
The problem is information.
The boys and girls who have been here a few years have seen a lot, heard a lot.
Tactics, techniques.
This is all ultra-secret here.
You know people.
Remember faces.
I don't want to see them on any phantom pictures on the Internet."

Linda nodded, "Then why three weeks from now?"

Colonel: "For this we have a special treatment "Discharge".
People need to know that the only way they can get out is to cooperate with us.
Or to put it another way: you get something like a lifelong probation.
It's about cooperative, constructive behavior.
You can also say respect or fear.
If they come out and perform like King Kong, that's a problem.
If they behave cautiously, strangely or contradictorily, it helps us more, it creates respect for our work.
We want to have a reputation for people changing with us.
We're firing about 10% - 15% this way, for that purpose."

Linda: "Okay.
We'll just have to cut this short.
We've got six hours left."

The colonel breathed out: "That's not enough.
You have no idea.
If Farras was here, three weeks would be too short.
Have you even looked at his file?"

Robert stood up threateningly.
Linda made a mollifying gesture with her hand.
"Colonel, we know that this goes against your normal actions, perhaps against your experiences too.
But we're also working on ground zero.
We often have to get people to do something they didn't think they'd ever do before.
Sometimes in hours.
That's a good part of my job.
And I think I can handle this."

Colonel, curiously played, "What do you want to do?"

Linda: "I want him to sign something, a story that is wearable for me, for you and a little bit for him.
He's coming out.
That'll surprise him.
He wants out.
He'll meet us a little bit."

Colonel: "Sign?
This is a terrorist...
What does he care about his signature?"

Linda: "You may then also threaten him a little.
He'll end up knowing that his signature will be taken seriously.
You have experience in that."

The colonel frowned: "This is going to be a super-GAU, I tell you.
You'll be reading this all over the press in a few weeks.
And then we'll sit here together again and figure out how things got so far."

Linda: "He's not out of the world.
We're not gonna lose him.
And the press is our business.
We're gonna do some things to keep this from getting washed to the surface.
He becomes part of a blackout campaign, we make his life a little less visible.
In four or five months, no one will know him.
What's wrong with him?
A prison story.
There's a lot of them out there.
And people say..."

The colonel interrupted: "... we already know.
I know, I know.
The masses want news, they want to be seduced.
But I have a bad feeling about this.
The guy, I tell you, Farras, he's..."

Linda: "The guy will be forgotten.
I'll take care of that.
And you're gonna get a promotion on this one.
From the highest authority."

Colonel: "What kind?"

Linda: "I can't say that now. But one they can't and don't want to refuse."

The colonel leaned back: "Mh mh"

Linda: "Come on, let's go to the lyrics and then we'll visit the guy."

About an hour later.

Linda arranged the papers and said to Robert, "Come on, let's go!"
Then to the colonel: "You wait here.
We'll warm him up a little first."

They stood up and went through some corridors to the interrogation room.
Marwin was already sitting there at the table with his back to them.
Linda and Marwin walked past him and sat down opposite him.

Linda: "Marwin Farras?" She nodded to him nicely.


{{{en/093_2023_Goodbye.md}}}

## **2023**** Goodbye

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marwin was still sitting </span> alone in the meeting room. He formed his fingers again in the most absurd way and moved them over the full-written sheet: "Abrakadubrabra", he said loudly, "fly to Marlene, fly to Oskar, fly to ...".

The door opened and Linda was standing in the room.
Behind her Robert with a stack of fresh everyday clothes.
Marwin put his hands a little shamefaced on his legs and looked at them.

Linda: "Marwin ..."

Marwin: "Yes?"

Linda: "Marlene's waiting for you outside."

Marwin looked at her with big eyes.

Linda: "We have some clothes here that you can put on."

Marwin still looked at Linda and didn't move.

Linda: "It's real!
You can believe me.
She's waiting outside.
There are no more games.
That's why we talked so much today."

Marwin touched herself and looked at her sceptically: "Marlene was there all the time?
Since noon today?"

Linda: "No, she just got here."

Marwin looked at Linda.
He wiped his mouth with his hand and looked at the table.
Then back to Linda: "And _why_ did she come so much later than you?
Why didn't she come with you? You don't work here in prison."

Linda: "I had to prepare this.
It was all very, very short notice, surprising.
I'm not used to all the people I had to talk to.
She couldn't be there."

Marwin looked at Linda with concentration, closed his eyes a little: "And why did you have to prepare it so quickly?
Why didn't you know about this before?"

Linda: "It all happened very quickly.
Yesterday evening there was a talk show on German television, and Marlene appeared there, spoke of you and we decided to get you out of here.
They didn't know about it this morning."

Marwin trimmed.
He felt no lie in her answers.
He breathed in and thought, "Go on! I've got to catch her somewhere."

He said, "And why couldn't you wait another day or a week?"

Linda stroked her nose with her finger, took a little break and then said: "We needed the surprise effect here.
Otherwise it wouldn't have worked."

Marwin had a shiver running down his spine.
His heart started pounding noticeably.
"It's true..." he thought.
"...it's true!
Marlene.
Marlene's here!"

He looked at Linda, Robert, the pile of clothes, the guards.
Then he grabbed the booklet, jumped up and walked around the table towards Linda, who was still standing at the entrance.
He looked deep into her eyes.
He asked excitedly, "Where's Marlene now?"

Linda: "Left, down the hall and then right to the main gate.
Don't you want those clothes first?"

Marwin walked past her, pushed Robert aside and was stopped at the door by a soldier.

Marwin grumbled at him: "Let me through!"

Linda: "Let him through!"

Marwin grinned and hit the soldier's chest twice with his flat hand: "Let me through". His heart pounded stronger and stronger.

The soldier took a step aside.
Marwin jumped out of the door, then to the left and ran down the passage, faster and faster, then to the right another passage.
"The gate, the gate," he thought.
"That must be it!" Two soldiers stood in front of it.
They went into position.
He stopped.
He heard voices outside.
Many voices.
The soldiers looked at him.
One of them grabbed his gun.
Linda came from behind and shouted, "Let him out!"

The soldier put his gun back and opened the gate.
Marwin saw light, much light and heard a loud babble of voices.
He walked carefully past the soldiers through the gate.

Bright light dazzled him.
A flurry of flashes.
So many people.
It was loud.
Infinitely loud.
He looked down and suddenly she was standing in front of him: Marlene.

She opened her arms: "Hi, brother!
Good to see you."

He looked at her in disbelief, it was so unreal.
She had grown older.
Adult.
But it was Marlene.
Marlene!
They fell into each other's arms.
He burst into tears.
They stood there, hugged each other, one minute, two minutes.
He felt her breath, her warmth, her heart beating clearly perceptible.
"How ... crazy ..." he thought and said quietly, "That's quite something" Then he started looking around the room.
"Wow!
Wow.
Shit.
Uhh.
Who is that?" he asked, frightened, while they were still hugging each other.

Marlene: "This, this is the President of the United States."

Marwin: "Shiiiit!
I'm going crazy." Then he pressed her harder and said, "My sister! My sister." He breathed two, three times strong and then whispered "These are not our friends.
We don't have much time, do we?"

Marlene: "No, we don't have much time."

Then he wiped off his tears and they turned to the cameras, smiled and waved into the flurry of flashes.
The president welcomed Marwin. Some people next to her, too. He looked Linda in the eye, shook his head.

Marwin: "Fuck it, you..." He smiled.

She smiled back with a wink.
Then he turned back to Marlene and said, "Hey, you! I almost forgot.
I brought you something, of course, to this great event." He put the booklet in her hand.

Marlene looked at it surprised: "What is it?"

Marwin: "A gift.
I thought if you were going all the way, I'd have a present for you, too." He grinned at her.
She looked back in amazement.

Marwin: "You'll love it."

Linda came up to them and pointed to the door: "Come on, we have to go on.
The plane to Berlin is waiting."

Marwin took Marlene's hand and they went out together.

The president into the microphone of a reporter: "These are exactly the cases we meant.
Some at the CIA thought they were above the law.
They could simply detain citizens of friendly states for years without charge in a prison like this one.
That goes against our moral understanding as Americans.
And I'm telling you: This will have personnel consequences.
Also here in this prison."

A reporter attacked the colonel with a microphone: "You are the commander of this prison.
How can something like this happen?
What do you say to this incident?"

The colonel looked at her grimly, pointed to his shoulder badge and said, "I don't give interviews." He looked deep into her eyes.


{{{en/094_2064_Where's the Academy.md}}}

## **2064**** Where's the Academy?

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Tims house was located</span> in a quiet, American suburb.
It had a beautiful white façade with two white wooden columns to the right and left of the entrance, a well-kept garden and a large garage all around.
The garage door was wide open.
Inside there was a loud, bright engine noise.

Suddenly a huge all-terrain motorcycle shot out of the garage door with a loud howl.
Tim and Sigur sat on him with their helmets on.
Tim brake sharply on the road so that the rear tyre slipped to the side.
Then he stepped on the gas.
The front wheel lifted up immediately and Sigur grabbed Tim's belly tighter.

Sigur shouted, "Woaaaahhh.
It's a machine!
That's awesome!"

Tim: "140 hp.
But wait till we cross-country.
That's my thing.
Two years ago I cross-country won the West Coast title."

Sigur: "I heard that. Super cool!"

Tim abruptly braked again and let the machine slide, accelerated, the wheels spun.
They were heading for a vacant lot.
Behind it there was a steppe landscape and mountains on the horizon.
At that moment two black SUVs arrived from the right and a dark blue one from the left.
Sigur looked to both sides.

Sigur: "Hej, this is not good.
Where did they suddenly come from?"

Tim: "Never mind.
They won't get us.
The steppe is my living room.
This is where I learned to drive.
Here I know every tuft of grass." He stepped on it.
They drove into open country.
Further back there was a country road that came out of the city and got lost somewhere in the mountains.

Sigur pointed towards the highway and shouted: "Shiiit.
Ten SUVs.
Why do they all have the same cars?
And more back there."

Tim: "They found us!
But they haven't found us yet.
I've always wanted to play Jason Bourne.
The car chases are so awesome there."

Sigur: "Not really me!"

Tim: "They don't stand a chance.
They have no idea how fast we're going." He hit the gas again.

About 300 meters further on, a column of five cars had left the highway and tried to cut off their way.
Tim steered the machine slightly to the left.
They were breathtakingly fast.
Sigur kept calling out "Geil!" to suggest to himself that motorcycling was some kind of fairground attraction.
But with his hands, he panicked and clung to Tim's belly.
Tim drove past the car group at a distance of about 50 metres and then continued into the open field.
The SUVs tried to follow, but broke off after a short time.

Sigur looked back: "Geil.
We're rid of them!" Then he looked up at the sky and said, "Shit!
Oh shit."

"What?" Tim shouted.

Sigur: "Two Apache helicopters."

Tim turned around briefly: "Shit!
I can't go any faster here.
But we'll be in the woods soon."

Sigur: "Oooh, God!"

In one of the helicopters, a soldier aimed his sniper rifle at them and said in his headset: "Roger.
Got passenger green.
Fire release request."

A voice cawed over his headphones.
"Negative.
No clearance.
Hold your fire.
Shoot the motorcycle or the rider so they fall."

Soldier: "I can catch the driver.
But the speed's too high.
50 percent chance of the passenger dying."

Voice: "Then stop.
Wait till they slow down."

Soldier: "Roger."

The motorcycle made a tremendous set over an obstacle, came into stumbling.
The soldier aimed more precisely, but Tim was able to intercept the machine and accelerated again.
Sigur took off his helmet and threw it away.

Tim: "What the hell are you doing?"

Sigur: "They don't shoot.
They want me alive.
The Collateral Murder video, they were a lot further away than they are now.
That wouldn't be a problem, hitting from a distance.
So I take off the helmet so they don't get the idea to shoot at the bike.
See that you keep driving at the limit."

Tim steered the bike into a dry riverbed.
The forest was still about half a kilometer away.

Sigur: "Where are we going?"

Tim pointed half right at a mountain range.

Tim: "Over there.
Behind it."

Sigur saw a huge white balloon hovering above the mountain range, with a mosquito fly painted on it.

Sigur: "To that balloon there?"

Tim: "What balloon?"

Sigur: "The white balloon there!
Can't you see him?"

The mosquito fly began to move.

Tim: "I don't see a balloon.
They're mountains, clouds, trees.
What do you mean?"

Sigur looked in astonishment in that direction and quietly said to himself: "Well, that one ..."


{{{en/095_2064_Dmitri.md}}}

## **2064** Dmitri

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">The mountains were</span> behind them.
The motorcycle shot down a pedestrian path.
They left the forest.
In the sky four Apache helicopters were to be seen in the meantime.
In front of them in the valley the runway of a small airport appeared.

Tim: "Just like Lasse said: An abandoned airport.
That's where we'll meet him."

Sigur's pond watch beeped.
He took it out of his pocket and looked at it.
She showed a message from Lasse: "The balloon has flown on.
You have too many followers.
But Mitya will help you.
Just go to the plane."

Sigur shouted, "Go to the plane!"

Tim: "What plane?"

Sigur: "Over there, can't you see?"

Tim: "Yes, yes."

At the other end of the runway there was a twin-jet aircraft.
You could just see that the door was already open.

Tim: "You guys are pretty well organized, I must say.
Where does Lasse get a plane so fast now?"

Sigur: "I don't know."

As they approached, they saw a man waving, "You should go faster.
Tim stepped on the gas again.
The motorcycle jumped back and forth on the small mountain road.
On the left a small stream, on the right a meadow.
At a suitable moment Tim drove into the streambed and the bike jumped out again with a giant set on the other side.
In the air he brought it into position, landed, then jumped over a small hill again.
400 meters to the airport.
Sigur looked back.
There stood two Apache helicopters in the sky and slowly turned to the side.

Sigur screamed, "They're firing.
They've got 30mm guns on board.
Shit."

Tim drove a bit to the left, then again to the right.
A volley struck to their left.
Then twenty meters in front of them.

The man in front of the plane had meanwhile taken a bazooka out of a box in front of him and aimed it between the helicopters.
A rocket went roaring.
The helicopters turned in two different directions.
Tim made an emergency stop just before the plane and shouted: "Jump!" Both let themselves fall to the side, right in front of the man's feet.
The motorcycle rolled a few meters further.
The man shot a second rocket towards the helicopters and then pulled both into the plane, which immediately rolled off.
When they were just in the air, Sigur asked, "Mitya?"

Mitya nodded and said with a strong accent.
"Welcome to Kirrgyzstan."

Tim laughed, "What?"

Sigur: "Where?"

Dmitri: "They are straddling the territory of Kirrrgyzstan.
Dis is a diplomatic plane."

Sigur: "And to what do we owe the honour?"

Dmitri: "We contacted Lasse Brrodowin before ainign Taggen and asked him how we know how to show Bitcoin. And he called us and asked if we had a cheap plane. We're all very hot. And well stashed."

Sigur laughed.
"Yeah, sure.
That's logical.
Kyrgyzstan.
Great.
Do you know where Lasse is?"

Mitya: "Yes, we're flying straight there."


{{{en/096_2064_The Cypherpunk Academy.md}}}

## **2064** The Cypherpunk Academy

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">The plane had landed</span> at a regional airport.
Sigur and Tim got out.
Next to the tarmac, the huge white balloon hovered about 20 metres above the ground.
He covered the whole scene in shadows.
Its outer skin seemed to be made of harder material than normal balloons, maybe hard plastic or even metal.
He looked heavy and didn't seem to be able to fly.
He didn't have an actual basket on the bottom either, just a kind of weight.
Sigur was amazed again at his sheer size.
He discovered a shaft beside the weight, which seemed to lead into the balloon and from which two blue ropes hung down to the ground.
Below, Lasse waited with a broad grin.

Sigur ran off and fell into Lasse's arms.

Lasse: "Hej!
So good to see you!
You cyberterrorist!"

Sigur: "Sure!" They laughed and slapped each other.
Tim came along and Lasse hugged him.

Sigur: "That was an action!
Unbelievable!
I've never sweated so much and so many times on any mission.
I didn't expect us to meet again in the game.
And the ride over here, with Tim, the full madness..."

Lasse exhaled.
"And then we'll meet here." He pointed to the balloon.
"You see the balloon, don't you?"

Sigur: "Yeah, sure.
It's big enough.
How am I supposed to miss him?
What's that, anyway?
Tim didn't see him before..."

Lasse turned to Tim and pointed to the balloon: "Tim, do you see the balloon?"

Tim: "Which balloon again?
There's an airport, a tarmac, a few meadows behind it.
Are you starting now?
What's the point?"

Sigur surprised.
"But don't you see we're in the shadows?
Where did he come from?"

Tim: "Hej, stop it now!
There's no shadow here.
I'm blinded by the sun." And he actually closed his eyes a little.

Sigur looked astonished at Lasse: "What is this?
Is he blind?"

Lasse shook his head: "No, not at all.
The balloon is the Cypherpunk Academy.
You can't see them unless you're cypher punk."

Sigur: "_This is the Cypherpunk Academy?
Sweet!
But I'm not..."

Lasse: "Yes!
You are.
You can call it anything you want." He proudly hit him on the shoulder: "Congratulations.
Come on, grab a rope.
We must get to the Sphinx."

Sigur shook his head and took one of the ropes: "And if I don't want to be a Cypherpunk..."

Lasse: "Yes, you do.
Trust me on this.
Put your foot down in the loop like this.
And then touch here."

Sigur: "First say goodbye to Tim."

Lasse: "You don't have to!
That's what TRON does.
Everything we do with the ropes Tim doesn't see anymore.
TRON makes us say goodbye normally or something else.
Probably already happened.
You can watch it later."

Sigur looked at him in astonishment.
Lasse winked at him, stuck his foot in the rope and rushed up.
After a few seconds he disappeared into the shaft of the balloon.
Sigur looked at Tim again, but he had already turned away and went back to the plane.
He was talking to somebody invisible.

Sigur carefully put his foot into the loop, looked up and held on.
Then the rope made a jerk by itself and he rushed up.
His hands were stuck, his legs pushed through by some strange force.
He was getting faster and faster.
It was pitch dark in the shaft.
He hurried further up.
After some time he saw individual dots of colour appear on the shaft wall around him, then they began to move, becoming more and bigger and finally everything turned into a sea of colourful leaves, small fish and other things that floated and flowed in confusion.
He shot out of the tube.
The rope disappeared from his hand and he landed on a platform in the middle of a huge dome.
The platform had a diameter of about five meters and fell down vertically on all sides.
He didn't see the floor.
To the right of him stood Lasse on a similar plateau.
Sigur lifted his thumb towards him, but Lasse looked back only briefly and did not answer.
Lasse looked concentrated at a spot far in front of him on the dome wall, as if something would come out there at any moment.
He went to his knees slightly and spread his arms out.

"Welcome to the Academy, Sigur," said a voice next to Sigur and he turned to her.
Mostafa, the mosquito fly, fluttered in front of his face and looked at him friendly.
"I am Mostafa!
We met at the introductory event."

Sigur nodded.

Mostafa: "Lasse is already waiting for the sphinx.
It's always dangerous.
With the Sphinx, you never know what's gonna happen.
You really have to be careful about that."

They looked at Lasse for a while.

Mostafa: "You're the one who did the first LBI mission with Lasse, aren't you?"

Sigur: "Exactly! And you can be asked anything about the Cypherpunk Academy, right?"

Mostafa: "Not only that. I am also the teacher for reading and writing.
Of course, reading and writing code, programs.
Cypherpunks write programs.
It's like the once-in-a-lifetime here.
That's why we have the Cypherpunk computer playground."

Sigur: "I can program."

Mostafa: "I know.
That's why you're not going to the playground.
But there are some things you don't know.
That'll come later for you."

Sigur looked over to Lasse again, who made strange evasive movements: "Do I have to go to the Sphinx too?"

Mostafa: "You don't have to." He grinned.
"You have to.
The Sphinx guards all exits and entrances to the Academy.
You must pass her again and again, otherwise you won't even get into the academy."

Sigur: "How?
This isn't in there yet?"

He pointed to the huge dome hall, which in his eyes had to be about as big as the whole balloon.
He looked to the right and was startled.
Lasse had suddenly disappeared and where his platform was before, there was now a huge boulder with an oversized beehive in the middle.
Wim the bear sat on top of it and looked over at them with calm eyes.

Sigur was amazed: "What...?
Where's...?"

"Come with me," Mostafa said and flew off.
"Wim is waiting for you."

"How am I supposed to get over there?
I can't fly and it's too far to jump," Sigur called after him and looked down the edge of the platform.

Mostafa shouted from the other side: "In the Cypherpunk Academy everything goes with thoughts.
Think your way there!"

Sigur nodded to Mostafa: "I understand."
He took a step back, put his hands to the side of his forehead and said quietly, "To the bear, to the bear." Nothing moved.

Mostafa: "You have to let go.
Just think.
Trust!

Sigur tried it a few more times and again nothing happened.

Mostafa flew over to him again: "Well?
Misfire?
You don't have to think you want to go, you have to think you're there."

Sigur's ears ploped, a sting went through his eyes, he pinched them, and when he opened his eyes again, he stood right in front of the bear's rock.
He got dizzy.
He stumbled to the right and could barely catch himself.
Mostafa flew under his arm and supported him.

Mostafa: "No problem, no problem.
It's always at the first teleport.
You're about to get sick.
Your brain's pretty slow registering that you're somewhere else now without going there.
It doesn't know that yet."

Sigur grabbed his stomach.
He kneeled down.

Wim jumped down from the beehive and sat down cross-legged in front of Sigur on the floor.
After a while he straightened up and sat down.
A pleasant atmosphere emanated from Wim.
He looked at Sigur with alert, interested eyes and an invisible smile.
Sigur's body relaxed.
He felt lighter.
The efforts of the last days fell away from him.

"Welcome to the Academy, Sigur," the bear hummed in a dark voice. "This stone marks the entrance to the Plain Islands.
You'll see why they're called that.
There are eleven of them."

Sigur: "Eleven? As many as basic ideas?"

Wim: "Exactly.
And above the eleventh level floats my garden.
That's the target.
It's gonna be a while before you get there.
The task is to find the way there, or actually, to build it.

It is a kind of path of thought, connections from one thought to the next, with many branches.
Branches are contradictions and their resolution.
You can see everything in the world from different directions, for example a tree.
It looks very different from one side than from the other.
That contradicts itself.
But it's still the same tree.
It's the same with thoughts.
People often argue just because they look at one and the same thought from two different directions.
If you find a thought in a city on an island, you will first resolve its contradictions, then find new contradictions, and finally add your own thoughts, to which other Cypherpunks will then find contradictions and resolutions.
It's a kind of cycle.
The best contradictions, resolutions and thoughts remain.
The others disappear again after a while.
In this way, the cypher punks who seek the way are constantly changing the Plain Islands.
And to this world here is the entrance."

Sigur nodded. He looked around.

Sigur: "Where?"

Wim: "Are you ready?"

Sigur: "To go inside?
Yes!

Wim: "Are you ready for what's coming."

Sigur: "What's coming?"

Wim: "What's coming, what's coming.
Look around you!
"Notice that there is nothing dangerous around you, nothing that threatens your life."

Sigur looked around, shook his head.

Wim: "If anything feels insecure, focus on it."

Sigur: "Nothing."

Wim: "Ask yourself: You got everything you need?
Is there something you're waiting for that's necessary before you can move on?
Anything you need to know? Or clarify?
Or can you just be here the way you are?"

Sigur closed his eyes and breathed calmly.
He nodded.

Wim: "Go with your consciousness to a place behind your eyes."

Wim: "Stay there for a moment."

Wim: "No, stay there.
Don't go away."

Wim: "Now go a little deeper."

Wim: "There's nothing dangerous around you."

Wim: "Slowly go down further and see where you feel resistance.
Neck... chest... stomach... legs.
Then back to the chest and through the arms.
Back to the head at the starting point." He waited a few moments.
"Now go where you felt the most resistance."

Wim: "Stay there for a minute."

One minute later, Wim said, "Okay."

Sigur looked at Wim.
"What's the point?"

Wim: "Don't leave.
Stay in that feeling.
That's preparation for what's coming now."

Sigur: "What's next?"

But Wim had already disappeared, as had the beehive, and Sigur's platform.
The whole dome changed at breathtaking speed.
Sigur got up instinctively and took a step back.
He looked to all sides.
It now stood on a rocky plain that reached all the way to the dome.
Everything got darker, got sharper edges and outlines and suddenly you could hear a dark rumbling in the whole dome.
The whole room trembled, then suddenly a huge, circular area of the dome stood in flames.
Sigur stared there.
Some of the flames hit far into the dome.
All of a sudden a dark figure with a bird's head and enormous wings shot out of the middle of the circle at high speed and flew up to the dome roof, then from there directly towards Sigur.
She let about a dozen egg-shaped, burning formations fly in the direction of Sigur.
He threw himself on the ground, turned to the side and could barely avoid being hit.
The Sphinx landed on the ground about twenty meters in front of him and became bigger and bigger and bigger until it occupied about a third of the height of the dome.

Sigur said quietly, "The Sphinx!"

She bent down to him and asked with a loud, rumbling voice:

"WHO ARE YOU TO DARE COME BEFORE ME?"

Sigur stood up and answered without hesitation: "A man!" He knew he had to respond quickly.

The Sphinx let her wings flutter up and screamed in pain.
Then she gathered her strength and put on her wings.
She had shrunk a little and looked at Sigur darker and more severely.

Sphinx: "What do you want to do behind this porch?"

Sigur: "Learning.
I want to learn."

For the second time, the Sphinx cried out in a marker-shattering manner.
Sigur looked at her with great concentration.
Whenever he answered "right," she would lose strength and get angrier.
"Right" meant, from her point of view, right.
That was important, that's what Lasse had told him.
The sphinx thought it possessed all the wisdom of the world, the complete truth.
To defeat the Sphinx, you had to understand how she thought.

The Sphinx calmed down again, bent over to Sigur and threateningly turned her head back and forth:

Sphinx: "WHAT DOES YOU NEED HERE MOST?"

Sigur: "Love of justice"

"That was easy," Sigur thought, "The enemies of the Internet in 2028 were out to divide the world into people who lived in prosperity and those who were supposed to work for it.
Those who oppressed and those who were oppressed, those who lived in safety, and those who were constantly in danger."

The cry of the sphinx became more and more a howl.
Her eyes became darker, she began to lose strength, her wings became stiffer, she continued to shrink.

Sphinx: "What's stronger than all the secret services and poor and business in this world?"

Sigur took a moment to cut it short.
It had once known.
It had slipped his mind.
But it had been so easy.
What the hell was that?
He was concentrating.
The sphinx began to cluster.

Sigur: "Youth!" He breathed out.
That was a close one.
You had to answer within three seconds, otherwise it was too late.

The Sphinx howled loudly and cursed thunderously: "Son of a bitch!
Good-for-nothing!
Stupid!" She roared with her wings.

Sphinx: "What do you do when you fail?"

Sigur: "I cannot fail. When I make mistakes, I learn, when I make no mistakes, I rejoice."

The Sphinx sighed, loud and miserable.
Her voice became fragile.
She trembled slightly.

Sphinx: "YOU WILL LOST YOUR HERE!"

Sigur nodded clearly.

"And that's exactly what I want," he said with a big grin.

A dark, warm voice sounded from the background:

"Say it differently again."

Sigur more seriously, "I want to lose myself to find myself."

A miserable cawing came from the beak of the sphinx.
She cowered on the floor and turned in pain.
Then she straightened up with her last strength.

Sphinx: "You can't win against me."

That was a trick question.
The word "against" was the decisive one.
Sigur said triumphantly, "But I can win. Again and again!"

He jumped off his platform, ran towards the Sphinx, which had solidified to stone, and gave her a kick.
Everything crumbled to dust and was gradually carried out by an emerging wind.

The whole hall changed again.
Around him appeared enormously thick, matte shining oaks with hanging lianas, many other trees, moss-covered stones that seemed to look at him, and directly in front of him a small, reflecting pond with dense bushes around it and a floating mist above it that seemed to have its own life.
Everything around Sigur turned into a magic forest.
Various, strange animals crawled, flew or crawled around.
He discovered a beautiful, large, poisonous-looking lotus flower not far from him in a clearing.
None of this was messy.
Everything seemed to have a strange order, every movement revealed its meaning.
Sigur looked around, marveled, was a little afraid.
From behind, a clear, soft voice said, "Sigur!" He turned around and in front of him sat Tin, the owl, on a tree stump.

Sigur bowed.

Tin: "I also welcome you warmly.
Lasse is waiting for you at the Cypherpunk Café."

Sigur: "Is this the magic forest?
Why did I end up here now?
I was just standing in front of the entrance to the Plain Islands."

Tin: "The magic forest is the place where all past thoughts and decisions are kept.
You can solve puzzles and find answers to questions here.
For the Plain Islands, you need the magic forest because of the food that grows in it.
Such as this."

Tin pointed to a tree on which there were funny shaped blue and pink fruits.

"You can't pick them, you have to solve the riddle of the tree, then you'll get fruit from it again and again, which you'll need on the Plain Islands.
But the most important thing here in the magic forest are errors of thought, especially the errors of thought that all or most of the people of a time or region have in them.
You look like that."

Tin pointed to the clearing with the lotus flower.

"When you touch her, what she is appears above the flower."

Tin sent a dragonfly to the lotus flower.
Above her appeared a writing of pollen that shone strangely.

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
You have to adapt to achieve something in life.
to be successful. And everything you don't do because
you adapt, you have to replace that. For example,
the most beautiful house, the most exciting trips,
or anything else exciting or beautiful.
</div>
"On the Plains Islands, you'll find someone who fits this thought error.
It is suitable for almost all people of this time, but with this one it is particularly clear.
He or she is looking for the thought and you can then give him or her the thought, then you will get something for it."

The dragonfly flew through the writing and it disappeared.
At the same time, Sigur instinctively opened his hand and a small, square, colourfully painted leaf appeared on it.
He looked at it and wondered where he could keep it.

Tin: "Just think: This is mine. Then it disappears into your invisible backpack."

The leaf disappeared from Sigur's hand.

Tin "There are many of them here.
To get into the garden of Wim, you have to find them all and give them away.
But there's not just wrong thoughts here.
There are also many things you can discover just like that.
You see that musty heap back there?"

Sigur nodded.

Tin: "With white mould underneath and poisonous, stinking mud in which nothing can grow."

Sigur looked at the pile.

Tin: "This is a relationship between two people who argued a lot and forced each other into things they didn't want to do.
They were very emotionally involved in each other, wanted to change each other.
And they never cleaned it up."

Sigur shuddered at the sight. His gaze turned to a scrawny undergrowth lying next to it.

Tin: "The thorn bush here?
Those were word battles, discussions.
Everything dies when you look at it in foreign words.
That's why you'll be making your own words for things here at the academy.
It doesn't help if you repeat what someone else said.
You will learn to see everything from different angles and come to thoughts that are alive instead of just having words.
There's no truth, there's only truth.
The most contradictory things can be true."

Sigur: "Lasse thought this was the wisdom."

Tin said, "Wisdom is the past.
Love is the future."

Sigur nodded.

Tin: "I see you want to go fast now ... But you are not ready yet.
...you'll also have to pass the plane sphinxes."

Sigur: "I know, Tin.
The plane sphinxes.
I'm ready."

Tin: "You're ready?"

Sigur: "I'm ready!" He stood up straight in front of her.

Tin looked at him with anxious eyes.

Tin: "On what level do you want?"

Sigur: "What level is Lasse on?"

Tin: "Level 4."

Sigur: "Then to level 4!"

Tin nodded, "So be it.
Level 1: Free software, encryption, distributed services and everything else that any power in the world can withstand."

Sigur nodded back: "I know the 11 basic ideas of the Cypherpunks."

Tin: "I know, I know.
Level 1 is given to you." She threw a brightly coloured glass ball into the air, which floated away and after a while disintegrated into thousands of small dusts of all colours.
Sigur marveled at her laughing.

She looked at Sigur: "Level 2: Life ideals: justice, openness, equality, brotherhood, and everything else that elevates us as human beings."

Sigur nodded, "Freedom, letting others share..."

Tin: "Level 2 ... is also given to you.
It's very rare to get two levels for free. You can of course visit and explore them at any time." She threw a different colored bullet into the air, which also destroyed.

Sigur smiled.
His eyes were beaming.

Tin: "Level 3: Overcoming opposition, and anything else that removes boundaries between people."

Sigur nodded.

Tin: "Level 3: The level Sphinx is waiting for you.
Are you ready?" She looked at him insistently.

Sigur: "Yes."

Tin fluttered her wings and in a flash the magic garden disappeared and Sigur found himself in a dungeon without a window.
Everywhere roughly hewn, damp stones, held together by mortar, much moss and a straw-covered stone floor.
It smelled hot of feces.
Sigur covered his nose.
He looked around in amazement.
He didn't know that.
Lasse hadn't told him that.
He thought, walked around, looked at the walls.
The only light came from a tiny lattice door with massive iron bars at one end of the room.
It was just so big he could crawl out through it if it was open.
He checked the massive hinges, but found no weakness, even the lock was missing.
The grid was welded.
He grasped the sticks, shook them.
Impossible to move them even a millimeter.
He shouted loudly down the adjacent corridor.
No answer.
He tried to think his way back to the Cypherpunk Café, back to the bear, to the magic garden, but nothing happened.
Then he grabbed his head with both hands: "Oh no!
Not miraculous, not miraculous."

"Yes!" said a voice behind him.
Sigur turned around.
A little rat looked at him with big, shy eyes.

He held both hands in front of his face and thought, "Oh, no!
I'm barely ten minutes here and already at Wunderlich.
Lasse has only been with him twice in all his time!"

Wunderlich: "Yes, yes.
You fucked up, you cypher punk!"


{{{en/097_2064_Wunderlich.md}}}

## **2064** Wonderful

Sigur looked at Wunderlich defiantly: "Where did I screw up?"

Wunderlich shrugged his shoulders: "No idea.
But you did, otherwise you wouldn't be here, you'd be at Lasse's café.
He's about to go out and get a cold mate."

Wunderlich grinned carefully.

Sigur sat cross-legged in front of him: "And now what?
What can I do here now?"

Wunderlich shrugged his shoulders again.
"Wait?"

Sigur: "On what?"

Wonderful: "Nothing."

Sigur: "And then?"

Wunderlich: "Then there will be an end to the game."

"No!" Sigur roared.
"NO!
I was so close.
I'm so close to it.
I'm not giving up now."

Wunderlich: "You told the owl that you wanted to go to island level 4.
That's a statement you can't take back so easily."

Sigur: "But I want this!
I want Level 4."

Wunderlich: "You can't go to level 4.
You killed a man who wasn't a direct threat to another man's life.
And you can't do that.
You can't do that in level 3 and you can't do that a hundred times in level 4.
I'll tell you one thing, you fucked!"

Sigur angry: "Where?
Where did I kill a man who didn't threaten anyone?"

Wunderlich: "And you can't even go back to level 2 or something, or all the way out of the academy.
You said you wanted to go to level 4.
And that goes for it.
The owl warned you."

Sigur: "She didn't!"

Wonderful: "She did!"

Sigur: "She didn't!"

Wunderlich: "She said that you are not ready.
And you wiped that out and said, "You're ready.
The owl does not become clearer.
What the owl says is true.
She's not telling you what to do.
She's just saying what is.
Past and wisdom and all that.
Do you understand me?" He looked at him pitifully.
"You're cypher punk now.
You're big yourself.
You're free to aspire to what you want.
Even if it's total nonsense to want that, and you can never get there with the modest possibilities you have."

Sigur closed his eyes and clenched both fists.

Wunderlich: "You screwed!"

Sigur: "I HAVE NOT!
There's always a way out at the Cypherpunk Academy.
There are no final dead ends here.
Not at all. Not at all.
Nowhere!"

Wunderlich: "Here you go.
Then look around you!
Stone walls, about a meter thick, bars, no file, no hammer or anything.
How are you gonna get out of here?
Maybe I could eat you up and carry you out through the bars piece by piece."

Sigur tried to beat Wunderlich, but he hurried to the side and hid behind a stone.

Wunderlich trembled all over his body: "Hej!
What are you doing, man?
I'm the only friend you have left.
Where's everybody else?
If you need them, they're not there.
And anyway, you're going against someone who's not an immediate threat again.
This seems to be your sport.
Being against it is not for Cypherpunks, not from level 3.
Now get a grip, or you're really not getting out of here, you weakling, you... victim."

Sigur: "Where did I kill a man?"

Wunderlich: "One?
Three.
In the first of the helicopters that chased your flying combat robot."

Sigur: "That was FBI!
They were chasing me.
To the death.
They were going to shoot rockets at the robot.
If I'd been in it, they'd have killed me,"

Wunderlich: "Would, would, would.
You're not a man of urgency.
If you'd been in there, I think you could have shot her.
Or maybe not.
I'm not sure.
The academy's rule masters sometimes have strange views.
You'd better ask the bear.
But you weren't in the fighting robot at all.
You were in a bunker pushing buttons, that's all.
Like a coward."

Sigur took a breath.
He thought of the other two helicopters, which he had fetched from heaven shortly after the first one, and of the police car.

Sigur: "But this is war.
People die in war."

Wunderlich: "War is a game.
Just because you play that doesn't mean you're suddenly allowed to kill people.
You can't kill people.
You can't do that.
Not as cypher punk."

Sigur looked at him confused: "You can't kill people in war?
What the fuck is this?
Lasse has also..."

Wunderlich interrupted with a snide hand movement: "With such an attitude you will sit here for a long time to come.
Level 4?
Pah.
I'm laughing myself to death.
Where did Lasse kill someone?"

Sigur: "The Five Star."

Wunderlich: "Hello, you don't check anything.
They were all flying combat robots.
"Broken material is not a problem."

Sigur: "But then, then many people died."

Wunderlich: "If he could not prevent, he is not responsible for it.
That was in the thread of his destiny, the bear would probably say now."

Sigur: "Two of his combat robots have flown in the attack on the NSA building."

Wunderlich: "Those two didn't kill anybody.
But you're a little right.
It was close... You programmed the air fight with the F22 pilots.
Five people died in the process.
It's on your account, too.
The more I look at this.
You can fold the whole thing here.
In the academy, it's not gonna work out with you anymore." He grinned at him broadly.

Sigur's eyes got darker.
He slipped over to the wall and leaned against it.
"Okay.
I made a mistake.
They're dead.
What do you want me to do?
You want me to stay here till the end of the game?
What sense would that make?"

Wunderlich: "A lot of sense.
There'd be one less person on the road killing other people.
It makes sense if you don't do anything anymore.
You can just stay here and wait for the game to end."

Sigur grabbed the stone and threatened to throw it.

Wunderlich ducked in exaggerated panic: "Stop!
Stop! Stop!
Are you out of your mind?
I'm the only one who can help you out of here."

Sigur truncated.
He put the stone back on the ground: "So can you help me?
You know a way out, don't you?
Then you lied."

Wunderlich held his mouth shut in fright and stammered: "No, njain, jain.
The part of my brain I was thinking with earlier didn't know that."

Sigur: "Tell me, how does it get out of here?

Wunderlich: "That's what you have to find out.
Not me."

Sigur clenched his fist and raised it.

Wunderlich: "Hej!
Third basic idea: Not against it.
That also applies to my dealings with you!
And I'm not against you.
I'm just saying how things are."

Sigur put his hand down, looked at her.

Sigur: "Okay.
No more violence."

Wunderlich exhaled with relief.
"And how are you gonna do that?
You have so much in you against each other.
You're full of it, you fool, you donkey, you little man!"

Sigur tried to catch him again, but just remembered.

Sigur: "Wonderful, come tell me what I can do.
You have nothing more to fear from me."

Wunderlich: "You never know.
"Only vain sunshine and right after that you get another stone thrown in."

Sigur: "No, really!
I get it."

Wunderlich came a little closer: "Good!
What can you do?
For example, you can make a running jump here and jump against this stone there, the very big one.
Take the whole cell approach, take it off the grid, and then take it all down."

Sigur went to the stone and examined it.
He couldn't see anything special.

Sigur: "This stone here?"

Wunderlich nodded: "Or... maybe the other one next to it." He looked doubtfully, but then immediately grinned and said, "No, the one you're pointing at."

Sigur shook the stone.
He didn't move.
He hit it with his hand.
It seemed like a normal stone.
Then he went to the gate, wanted to take a run up, but hesitated.
He waved off.

Sigur: "That doesn't make any sense.
It's just a normal stone.
There should be a little clue."

Wunderlich suddenly had a spoon in his hand and showed it to Sigur.
"Look, you know Neo from Zion, don't you?
Look, this isn't a spoon!
There's no spoon.
Well?
It's not a stone.
Do you understand?"

Sigur nodded.
He took a running jump, jumped and crashed with full force with body and head on the stone.
He bounced back and hit the ground with his arm.
The whole arm was burning with pain, his head was booming, he was dizzy.
The stone hadn't moved a millimeter.
He got a throbbing headache.

Sigur held his head and shouted, "Are you sure it was the stone?"

Wunderlich: "Yeah, sure.
That's the stone I meant.
Maybe you weren't fast enough."

Sigur looked at him in disbelief.

Wunderlich: "On the other hand, why should he move.
It's a stone walled into a prison wall.
They usually do it so well that you can't just push it out by jumping at it."

Sigur: "But it's a hidden exit, isn't it?"

Wunderlich: "Why do you mean that?
I think it's a normal stone."

In Sigur, fury was rampant again.
He walked up to Wunderlich.
He hid in a corner.

Sigur "You said it was the stone, and if I jump against it..."

Wunderlich: "Then?"

Sigur: "Then..."

Wunderlich: "Then?"

Sigur: "I asked you what I could do..."

Wunderlich: "Could you do it or not?
You did it.
You bumped into the wall with your broadside full.
You didn't ask what you could do to get out of here.
Only what you could do."

Sigur gasped for air.
He clenched his fist.
Read them off again.
Then his face went close to Wunderlichs and breathed in.
Wunderlich pressed himself against the wall, panicked and suddenly he spat Sigur right in his face and fled under him into the opposite corner.

Sigur wiped the spit from his face in disgust, jumped up, turned around and shouted with a clearly redder face: "YOU ...". Then he stopped, breathed out and looked at Wunderlich questioningly.
He looked.
He looked back.
Blinking his eyes.
Sigur kept looking.
He breathed quietly.
One minute, two minutes.
Suddenly a quiet "Pling!" sounded at the end of the corridor behind the bars.
A hand-sized, colorfully glittering painted glass ball jumped towards them, how naturally she jumped without bumping through the bars and towards Sigur.
He instinctively opened his hand and the ball jumped in.
It shone vividly in various shades of blue and green.
Sigur looked at her in wonder.

Sigur: "What is that?"

Wunderlich: "But today they are gracious to you.
That went pretty damn fast."

Sigur: "What is that?"

"A magic ball, what else?"

Sigur: "And what can you do with it?"

Wunderlich: "Throw against the wall, for example."

Sigur looked at him badly.

Wunderlich: "No, really now.
You have to throw it in a place where it could have meaning and then it will turn that place into something meaningful."

Sigur: "In what?"

Wunderlich: "In a window, for example."

Sigur threw the bullet against the wall.
In an instant, everything was atomized into millions of small, glowing dust spots that slowly sank to the ground and disappeared into nothing there.
Behind you appeared a barred window with a magnificent view over a sun-flooded landscape.

Sigur: "Wow!"

He went to the window, grabbed the bars and looked outside.
He smiled and nodded his head wonderfully.
"Well, that's a first step.
Something's going on here.
I should have taken the other side, we'd have the sun in the room by now."

Wunderlich: "Yes, I knew that."

Sigur without any tension: "Why didn't you say so?"

Wunderlich: "Because you didn't _question_.
You people always think you're the smartest people in the universe.
I can tell you: Nah, it's not like that.
I'm telling you, holey thinking wherever you look.
I've seen people around here slower than you.
I'm serious.
And others were more stupid, more imprecise in their thinking.
Although... maybe not."

Sigur closed her eyes and breathed calmly.
The anger rose again in his chest.
How could this little rat bring him so quickly to the edge again and again.
His chest pounded.
He put his hand on it.

Wunderlich: "You know, you're just not used to it.
I'm an opera rat, the only species mentioned in the book Cypherpunks.
People can't think of anything we opera rats can't overcome.
We always find a way in.
And that's hard for her to bear.
Because they think they're superior to us.
But you're not.
And that's why you're reacting so violently.
You're really angry.
You tried to murder me.
And all because you can't stand the fact that I know more than you do."

Sigur looked at Wunderlich seriously and calmly.
Then he went back to the window and checked the bars and joints of the window.
Everything seemed solid.

"Pling," it came back from the end of the corridor and another bullet jumped at her.
Sigur held out her hand and she jumped in.

Wunderlich: "That's great.
Now we have sun in our room!
Throw it here!"

Sigur: "Really?
Can't we do something better with it?"

Wunderlich: "Sun.
Vitamin D.
It's food.
That's important in a dungeon like this.
Who knows how much longer we'll be in here.
And there will be guaranteed sunshine.
And it's good for your mood and your skin, too."

Sigur threw the ball at the opposite wall and in the same way a barred window appeared.
The sun dazzled him immediately.
He held his arms in front of his eyes.

Sigur: "Ah, nice.
That's good in the dark hole."

Wunderlich: "Did I tell you the sun is coming?" He grinned broadly.

Sigur looked at the door: "What would have happened if I had thrown the ball there?"

Wunderlich: "What do you think?
Then probably the door would have jumped open and you could have walked out.
I don't understand why you didn't do this.
I would have?"

Sigur looked at Wunderlich disappointed: "Oh, come!"

Wunderlich: "Yes, of course.
Doors are usually the place to go out and in.
And a magic ball always does something useful, something that goes on.
I even told you that.
So I threw the magic ball on the door the first time and didn't just make a few useless windows."

Sigur put his hands in his face.

Wunderlich: "What's wrong?"

Sigur cool: "Nothing.
I'm just getting to know you."

"Pling", it sounded from the end of the corridor and a red-gold ball jumped along the corridor, through the bars, into Sigur's hand.

Sigur grinned at Wunderlich and threw the bullet at the door.
She destroyed like the first two and in the cloud the bars turned into blue shimmering light bars.
Sigur went to the bars and carefully checked them with his finger.
He was gently pushed back.
He pushed harder and was pushed back harder.
He turned around and looked at Wunderlich.
He shrugged his shoulders and looked back with innocent eyes.

Sigur: "Come on, I know you know how to get through."

Wunderlich nods: "Yes, I know that.
But the way you're on it, you're not gonna believe me.
And don't do anything at all."

Sigur: "Tell me.
And no more games.
I want to get out of here now."

A little shamefaced, wonderfully: "Okay.
Then I'll tell you.
But you shall not throw the stone at me."

Sigur: "I'm not."

Wunderlich: "Promise!"

Sigur: "Promise."

Wunderlich: "You have to take a run-up from here and then jump through with full speed and power."

Sigur closed his eyes.
He opened it, looked at Wunderlich and said, "I can't believe it!"

Wunderlich: "I mean what I say, I mean everything I say."

Sigur: "If I do that, will I get out of this dungeon or will it just knock me back?"

Wunderlich: "Through!"

Sigur: "Out or back?"

Wunderlich: "Out."

Sigur pulled himself together, went to the other end of the dungeon.
He looked at Wunderlich and said, "And what's behind it?"

Wunderlich: "I don't know.
It's late.
A little earlier would be behind it the 3.
Sphinx.
But it's late."

Sigur: "What does late mean?"

Wunderlich: "If you had thrown the first bullet correctly, there would have been the sphinx."

Sigur took a running jump and jumped on the grate with all his strength.
A flash of light enveloped him, he felt weightless for a fraction of a second, he flew and landed in the Cypherpunk Café on the floor, directly in front of the table where Lasse was sitting.
He bent down, patted Sigur on the shoulder and said, "Hi!
What took you so long?"


{{{en/098_2064_The Cypherpunk Cafe.md}}}

## **2064** The Cypherpunk Café

The Cypherpunk Café was at the top of the balloon, out in the open.
It looked a little like an Italian café terrace, with a marble floor and columns in soft colours, small tables and a stone wall all around.
Behind it you could see mountains, a big lake, a whole miniature landscape.

Sigur sat with Lasse.
In front of him stood a large glass with an ice shake.
Next to it lay a thick, leather-covered book, which he ignored.
The bear sat on the stone wall of the café with his legs dangling outside.
Wonderfully lively chatted with Mostafa at the neighbouring table, both in front of them a large, elaborate cocktail cup with several straws and many colorful glitter ribbons.
Wunderlich occasionally showed his thumb to Sigur, said something and grinned at Mostafa.

Sigur looked around: "Whoa, look who's here!
So many cypher punks in one place... Hey, Totaot2!" He waved to a table on the other side.
Totaot2 waved back.

Lasse: "Yeah, this is nice.
And you only see up to level 4 and the teachers, of course..."

Sigur: "I'm not even past the Sphinx of level 3."

Lasse: "It doesn't matter, you'll get it tomorrow.
You're always here on the level you want to be.
If you vote too high, you'll be at Wunderlich more often.
On the planes themselves you can only do something when you have passed him and the sphinxes.
You can always come to the café, it's always open."

Sigur trocken: "Wunderlich was extremely annoying.
The Sphinx doesn't mind."

Lasse nodded: "There are also some annoying sphinxes.
You can get stuck there too.
But Wunderlich is special.
And you can meet him in many different places.
I had to negotiate a money loan with him once in a bank.
He was the bank manager.
I'm telling you, he drove me crazy.
I hit him! I hit him!
I'm serious.
I gave him one ...
Boom!
I woke up days later in the real world in the middle of the night ..."

Wunderlich prostete over and grinned.
Then he burped out loud.

"The worst thing is that he can read minds."

Sigur: "Really! Shit..." He looked at Wunderlich.

Lasse: "Hej!
The game ends in two minutes.
That's not why you came to the Sphinx, by the way.
The third Sphinx is good, very exciting.
Today she almost caught me."

Sigur: "You always have to go back to her?"

Lasse nodded: "Often.
Sometimes totally surprising.
It's refreshment, practice, staying agile.

Come on, let's sit over to Wim's for a while.
He can give you a few more tips about Wunderlich.
If I know you, you'll meet him again tomorrow." He grinned at him.

Sigur moaned.
He looked at the table and pointed to the book, "What's that, anyway?"

Lasse: "Ah, I almost forgot.
Your log.
There's a new medal in it for what we did today and the three Wunderlich balls.
Not a bad start.
It's got our new mission in it, too."

Sigur: "Our new mission?
What's that?"  He tried to open the book, but didn't make it.
It was like being taped up.

Lasse: "Just think what you want.
You're at the Cypherpunk Academy."

Sigur looked at the book and it opened on one side with a shiny medal.

Sigur: "Wow!"

Lasse: "A Steffens-Lampresa medal.
These are the two who in reality destroyed the NSA main building with stolen combat robots.
That was 36 years ago.
I got them, too."

Sigur: "She looks really good!
Is that them two down there?" He pointed to two pictures.

Lasse nodded.

Sigur: "The one looks Brazilian.
Boa, and the other one's got a bodybuilder figure.
Hej."

Lasse: "Both are Brazilians."

Sigur: "Okay. Are they still alive?"

Lasse: "No ... they didn't make it."

Sigur: "Shit.
The world was like that back then. Awesome."

Lasse: "You had a bathing accident, officially.
The Blue Hole in Dahab.
"I'd rather live in a room with Wunderlich than work in a secret service that murders people and stuff."

Sigur exhaled. "Miraculous..." He looked at the book again and it opened and closed.
Wunderlich grinned at him on the open side.
Sigur shook his head in shock.

Sigur: "Let's go to Wim."

The book closed. They stood up, climbed the stone wall and sat down to the left and right of Wim.
He put his arms around both of them.


{{{en/099_2023_On a Berlin roof terrace.md}}}

## **2023** On a Berlin roof terrace

Marwin sat next to Marlene on a deck chair on a large roof terrace in the middle of Kreuzberg.
The evening sun bathed everything in warm colours.
The terrace was framed by a wide stone railing.
There were deckchairs, little tables, plants, a bar.
On his lap was a laptop on which he occasionally typed something.
Oskar was lying on the opposite side, next to Anni.
Kevin sat on the railing with his back to the others, his legs dangling outside and looking towards Kottbusser Tor.

Marwin put his laptop on the floor and pulled two bottles of mate out of the ice bucket.
He gave one of them to Marlene.
The other one Oskar demanded.
He threw it at him.
Then he fetched two more and offered Anni one of them, but she shook her head.
He cheered on Marlene and Oskar, drank a sip, leaned back and looked into the sun.
Marlene looked at him, shook her head and laughed.
She laughed and laughed.
She couldn't stop.
Marwin looked at her, then closed his eyes with one hand and laughed with her.
Oskar held his bottle theatrically in the air and gave a primal scream: "Jaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh!"

A strangely humming noise came from behind the railing.
Kevin pointed that out.
Oskar got up and went to him with the mate bottle.
At that moment, two remote-controlled drones, about one meter wide, both with a glass cockpit on top, climbed up in front of him.
Oskar retreated slightly.
They were now almost within reach of him in the air.
Perfectly side by side, both clearly equipped with many cameras and other sensors.
They slowly turned to Oskar.
On the window of the cockpit a green flashing computer writing appeared: "Hi!" and "Oskar!".

Oskar: "What the fuck!"

He went closer.
They flew right up to his head.
He looked at her, looked around a little confused.
Then both turned together, exactly synchronously, once around themselves and stopped again in the direction of Oskar.
Two long jets of water shot from small tubes under the drones directly at Oskar's chest.
A red ticker on the cockpit windows showed: "Kill confirmed.
Kill confirmed." and "Oskar down! Oskar down!" Oskar turned wildly searching.
He pulled on his wet T-shirt, then bent over the railing and snatched one of the drones.
She retreated elegantly and shot another jet of water as she retreated.
This time in the middle of Oskar's face.

At that moment the door jumped open and two 18-year-old boys appeared on the roof terrace laughing: a slim Latin-American-looking and a black one with an athletic physique.
Both had complicated-looking remote controls in their hands, pointed to Oskar and went off.

Marwin and Marlene looked a little questioningly at the scene.
Oskar wiped his face with his sleeve, pointed in the direction of the two and said dryly to Marwin and Marlene: "May I introduce myself: "Ali Steffens and Eduardo Lampresa," then to the two: "Marwin and Marlene Farras." Then he went to them and they hugged each other for a long time.
Marwin and Marlene joined them, as did Kevin and Anni.


{{{en/100_2064_Heimweg.md}}}

## **2064** Way home

The sun went down behind the games laboratory and bathed the entire school grounds in a golden light.
Lasse and Sigur jumped over the stream that flowed around the house.
Behind them came Marlene and Lilly.
They walked two and two down the main path of the school grounds and talked excitedly, with many gestures and full of joy.
Lasse let herself fall back and said something to Marlene.
She nodded.
He stopped, covered his eyes and laughed.


{{{en/_title.md}}}
---
title: 2064 - How to become Cypherpunk and Free the Internet
subtitle: Novel
author: Michael Schmidt
rights:  Creative Commons Non-Commercial Share Alike 3.0
language: de-DE
...
